▪All servers have the same installed components.▪
▪All r eplic ation  c on figur ation  changes are made from the primary server; that is, the server that runs ▪
auto-discovery.
Once auto-discovery has run on the primary server, the gathered in f ormation  is replicated to other
nodes. This may take some time.  Concurrent changes can cause race c onditions  in a replicated
environment.
▪The Micr osoft  SQL versions are the same on all servers, including the same edition  and service pack ▪
level.
When upgrading Micr osoft  SQL, schedule the upgrades on all databases as close together as possible,
because r eplic ation  will be stopped while the applic ation  nodes are served by diff er en t  version
databases.
The backend database must be available when a Bravura Security Fabric  node is running; see Installing
and c on figuring  Micr osoft  SQL Server  (on page 173) for a list of ins t allation  and monitoring
requirements.
▪The email server c on figur ation  is manually set up on each individual node in the r eplic ation ▪
environment.
R ec ommendations
Bravura Security recommends:
▪All servers use the same Bravura Security Fabric  license. ▪
▪All nodes are installed with the same directory paths, psadmin user and password.▪
▪Using the idmsetup.inf file from the main server to aid the ins t allation  of the r eplic ation  node. ▪
▪Not using database-level clustering (including AWS RDS Always-On Availability Groups).▪
Setting  up the r eplic ation  environment
To c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  servers for r eplic ation:
1.Set up node servers for SQL database r eplic ation  (on page 271). 1.
2.Add nodes in Bravura Security Fabric  (on page 274) 2.
Installing Bravura Security Fabric  using idmsetup.inf
When you install Bravura Security Fabric  on the main server, an idmsetup.inf  file is created in the
\<ins t ance>\p sc on fig\  directory. You can use to file to aid the ins t allation  of a r eplic ation  node. It contains
the encrypted c ommunic ation  key (or Master Key) and other correct default values and encr yption  keys
for prompts during ins t allation.
To install a r eplic ation  node using the idmsetup.inf c on figur ation  file:
1.Log into the host Windows server as member of the Administrators group.1.
2.If required, download and unzip the Bravura Security Fabric  dis tribution  folder. 2.
Contact your Bravura Security account r epr esen t ativ e  for details.3.Copy idmsetup.inf  from the \<ins t ance>\p sc on fig\  directory on the primary server to the 3.
r eplic ation  node and place it in the root of the dis tribution  folder.
4.Launch the setup program located at the root of the dis tribution  folder. 4.
The setup program asks you to choose a product to install.
Do not install Connector Pack firs t;  choose Bravura Security Fabric.
5.Select Bravura Security Fabric . 5.
Click Next .
6.Verify that instance name is already filled  in and optionally  enter a description. 6.
Click Next .
The setup program performs a pr e-ins t allation  check and v erifies  all of the requirements for
ins t allation.
7.If all of the checks are successful, click Next to proceed with the ins t allation. 7.
If any of the pre-install checks produce warnings or errors, click Report for details.
The Configure  a Dedicated Database User  page is displayed.
8.Choose your database user setup option,  then click Next . 8.
▪Create and c on figur e  a new dedicated database user for a new database node, as illustrated below. ▪
On the Configure  a Dedicated Database User  page, when you select Create a new dedicated
database user for the new instance , setup displays the database user and c onnection
in f ormation  page depending on your database system.
Enter the database c onnection  and user in f ormation,  then click Next .
▪Use an e xisting  database user when cr eating  a shared schema node, or a hybrid schema node if the ▪
database node already exists.
On the Advanced tab uncheck the options  to install the schema and default data.The setup program launches idm.msi .
9.Click Next . 9.
10. Read and accept the license agreement. 10.
Click Next.
11. Verify the loc ation  of the license file already filled  in. 11.
It is recommended that all replicated servers use the same license file.
Click Next .
12. Choose the setup type: 12.
▪Typical to accept the settings  from the idmsetup.inf file. ▪
▪Custom to customize settings. ▪
It is recommended that all replicated servers have the same installed components.
13. Verify that the psadmin passwords are already filled  in (masked with stars). 13.
Click Next .
14. Verify that the c ommunic ation  key is the same as the one entered for the main Bravura Security Fabric 14.
server.
Click Next .
15. Verify that the database encr yption  key is the same as the one entered for the main Bravura Security 15.
Fabric server.
Click Next .
16. Verify that the w ork s t ation  authentic ation  encr yption  key is the same as the one entered for the main 16.
Bravura Security Fabric  server.
Click Next .
17. Verify that the connector encr yption  key is the same as the one entered for the main Bravura Security 17.
Fabric  server.
Click Next .
18. Verify that the IDMLib encr yption  key is the same as the one entered for the main Bravura Security 18.
Fabric  server.
Click Next .
19. Verify the adminis tr ation  login ID and password. 19.
Click Install .
20. Click Finish to exit. 20.
The pos t -ins t allation  tasks begin.
Do not stop the pos t -ins t allation  tasks. The installer is attempting  to load connectors from the
Connector Pack, language tags, and reports.
If you install the Bravura Security Fabric  before a Connector Pack has been installed (recommended), a
warning appears at this stage that no connectors could be found. It is safe to proceed.If any of the pos t -ins t allation  tasks produce warnings or errors, click:
▪Report for details on all pos t -ins t allation  tasks ▪
Or,
▪Messages ... for details on a specific  pos t -ins t allation  task ▪
Otherwise, wait until  the status changes to success, then click Finish.
Run setup again to install a Connector Pack for this instance (unless you installed a global Connector
Pack fir s t,  which is not recommended, as it can introduce maintenance issues).
Install all softw ar e  required for in t egr ation  with target systems and for accessing all resources. Con figur e
the fir e w all  on the new server and other required networking that allows access to needed resources.  
See also:
The setup of the applic ation  node’s Connector Pack should match the setup of the primary node’s
Connector Pack. See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for details.
Adding a node
Summary
To replace an applic ation  node that has failed, or add a net-new applic ation  node:
1.Install the hardware (physical or virtual), oper ating  system and database softw ar e  on the new node. 1.
Apply whatever patches are available from the OS and database vendors, as noted in Pr epar ation  (on
page 270).
Note that everything must be the same on the replicated nodes, including: OS version and bitsize,
applic ation  loc ations,  database versions, instance name (spelled exactly the same, case sensitiv e),
softw ar e  required to communicate with target systems, and other in t egr ation  requirements.
2.Verify that there is c onnectivity  on the Bravura Security Fabric  ports, bidir ectionally ,  from all other 2.
node servers to the new server (usually, this involves opening fir e w all  ports and/or setting  up VPN
c onnections  between sites/data-centers to allow network r outing  between the servers on those
ports).
3.Install the Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e  on the new applic ation  node, as described in Installing 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  using idmsetup.inf  (on page 271)
4.On the applic ation  node that contains the most data (usually the primary node): 4.
a.Add the new node to the r eplic ation  c on figur ation  (on page 275). a.
b.Propagate the r eplic ation  c on figur ation  to cause the current instance to synchronize its database b.
with the new instance. This is described in the steps below.
c. Optional:  Synchronize data  (on page 282) (sending the relevant data from the database node c.
where the oper ation  is performed, to the database node being added). This is not required, for
example, when adding a node in shared schema, or when the database is very large and it’s more
e fficien t  to migrate the database, sending the data.More detail is provided below. You should also refer to nativ e  database adminis tr ation  tools and their
related documen t ation  for the process to generate and load snapshots.
After  finishing  any changes, remember to verify the r eplic ation  c on figur ation  (on page 293).
Adding a node steps in detail
Before s t arting  this procedure, ensure that you have created the new server according to the
requirements described in Preparation  (on page 270).
Verify that there are no database-intensive scheduled tasks that can be triggered on any of the database
nodes of the instance if database r es ynchr oniz ation  will have to run:
1.On the web-based interface, click Manage the system > Maintenance > Scheduled jobs  >PSUPDATE > 1.
Disable .
Repeat that for any other jobs like autores if it was scheduled.
Disable rotatelog to avoid the log r ot ation  to remove the temporary iddb.cfg  before the
oper ation  ends and to be able to find the logs of the oper ation  in the same file.
2.On each applic ation  node’s Windows Schedule r >Library , right-click and disable any "HID*" task. 2.
3.Disable any other database-intensive API aut omation  that is scheduled elsewhere. 3.
Remember to re-enable these tasks after  the database r es ynchr oniz ation  successfully completes.
Depending on your chosen r eplic ation  network topology, there are diff er en t  steps for adding an
applic ation  node for:
Direct r eplic ation
A database node is an applic ation  node connected to its own database, not shared by any other node.
To add a new database node (applic ation  node connected to its own database, not shared yet by any
other applic ation  node) to  Bravura Security Fabric  r eplic ation  environment:
1.Log onto your primary node as a product administrator1.
Adding a node from a replicated node will result in the new node o ver writing  e xisting  nodes and
becoming the primary node.
2.Click Manage the system  >Maintenance >Database r eplic ation . 2.
3.Before the very fir s t node can be added, you must enable r eplic ation  on the primary node. To do this, 3.
select the default node and set Mode to "Enabled" and click Update .
4.To add the next node click Add new... 4.
5.Type the Address of a r eplic ating  instance’s server and the corresponding Database Service (iddb) Port 5.
number (the default port number is 5555).
6.Click Continue . 6.
7.Type a node Description . 7.
8.Set the Mode to: 8.▪"Enabled" if you want this node to send and receive in f ormation  to and from other r eplic ations ▪
nodes.
▪"Suspended" if you want to temporarily stop c ommunic ation  with other nodes. ▪
If the r eplic ation  is suspended on a node, then changes made on other r eplic ation  nodes will not
be propagated to this node, but will be queued.
▪"Disabled" if you want to disable c ommunic ation  with other r eplic ation  nodes. ▪
9.Set the received and/or send Queue size limit  , if required. 9.
When database r eplic ation  is unavailable, r eplic ation  data is queued until  the queue file has reached
its size limit, or the node comes back online. You can modify:
▪Receive queue c on figur ation  for this node ▪
▪Send queue c on figur ation  for all nodes r eplic ating  to this node ▪
You can set the queue limit to a fix ed  size, using the following settings:
▪Minimum queue size  - default is 100MB ▪
▪Maximum queue size - for fix ed  size limit ▪
▪Queue usage warning threshold (%) : - default is 60% ▪
You can set the queue limit to a percentage of disk, using the following parameters:
▪Minimum queue size  - default is 100MB ▪
▪Maximum usage before queue stops growing (%) : - default is 90% ▪
▪Disk usage warning threshold (%) : - default is 60% ▪
10. Click Add. 10.
11. Click Propagate and reload r eplic ation  c on figur ation  on all servers . 11.
This propagates the changes and replicates the entir e  database to the new node. If you do not want
data on the newly added node to be dropped and replaced with data from the current node, click
Propagate and reload r eplic ation  c on figur ation  on all servers (without resynchronizing nodes).
Propagate r eplic ation  changes
Once you have modified  the c on figur ation  of a node in a r eplic ation  environment, you must propagate
the node c on figur ation  to all connected servers. The status for the nodes will change to "Reload
required" on the Select a replic ation  node  page.
To do this:
1.Ensure all nodes can successfully communicate with each other. When pr opag ating  changes, the 1.
system checks that all nodes can connect, and if any c onnection  issues are detected, pr opag ation  will
fail.
2.If adding a new database node, verify there is enough space available on:2.
▪The source applic ation  node (the one from whose web-based interface the pr opag ation  is ▪
triggered)
▪The target nodes (the ones where the pr opag ation  goes) ▪
▪Their r espectiv e  backend databases. ▪3.Click Propagate and reload r eplic ation  c on figur ation  on all servers  on the Database replic ation  page. 3.
This propagates the changes. When a new node is added the entir e  database will be replicated to the
new node.
4.Wait while the Database Services reload the changes and possibly builds queue files. 4.
Click Refresh 
  to check progress, as indicated in the status column.
If a node is in "Reload in progress" status, or is running auto discovery, you cannot make any
changes to the r eplic ation  nodes until  the reload is complete.
The Propagate and reload r eplic ation  c onfigur ation  on all servers only appears if a change in the
c onfigur ation  has occurred. Configur ation  notes
▪When you c on figur e  database r eplic ation,  Bravura Security Fabric  creates a temporary iddb.cfg  file ▪
in the log directory. The files record the c on figur ation  in f ormation  for backup. The in f ormation  is
rotated with the log files by the Logging Service (idmlogsvc).
▪If a server detects that one of the nodes has a diff er en t  r eplic ation  c on figur ation,  then a message ▪
opens to notif y  you of the need to propagate this r eplic ation  c on figur ation  over to the other server.
▪If you change which server is the primary server, you must update which server’s scheduler will run▪
psupdate.
▪Do not propagate changes while auto discovery ( psupdate ) is running. ▪
▪When pr opag ation  changes include queue sizing, the queues are adjusted dynamically. Queues files ▪
that still include data will remain until  the data is either sent or c ommitted,  regardless of queue
settings.  When a new queue file is needed or a queue file is no longer needed, then the queue sizings
are considered.
See also:
For in f ormation  about recovering from network failures, see Recovery .
Shared schema
When adding an applic ation  node to an e xisting  database all that is required is to install the node while
selecting  the e xisting  database of a previously installed applic ation  node, as described in Installing with a
Shared Schema  (on page 229). This is the simplest way to create a shared schema node.
If a database has to be r etir ed  but its applic ation  nodes are still needed to provide web-based interface
resources for users, this can also be done after  node ins t allation:
1.Have a fully installed database node (applic ation  node with its own database) 1.
2.On the new applic ation  node, use the iddbadm utility  to change the database c onnection  details and 2.
point to the database used by the other node.
3.Delete the database used when cr eating  the new applic ation  node. In this case it is not used anymore. 3.
Note:If you allow setup to create the new database during ins t allation,  it
will do so with the same name as the instance, and you cannot use
the same backend database instance to install two databases with
the same name.P r opag ating  without r eplic ation
In some cases, such as a shared-schema r eplic ation  environment, you may need to propagate changes to
the r eplic ation  environment without initiating  a full database r es ynchr oniz ation.  On the Database
R eplic ation  page, the option  to Propagate and reload r eplic ation  c on figur ation  on all servers (without
resynchronizing nodes)  is available for this purpose.
Hybrid schema
There are two ways to add nodes to a hybrid schema:
▪Adding a database node with applic ation  nodes ▪
▪Adding one applic ation  node to each of the e xisting  database nodes ▪
Adding a database node with applic ation  nodes
To add failover, further geographical support, nodes in a new data center and/or complete 100% uptime
requirements, add a database node with the same number of applic ation  nodes as the other e xisting
database nodes; that means going from this topology:
DB/Schema A   R eplic ation  DB/Schema B
Node A1 <–         –> Node B1
Node A2 <–         –> Node B2
… to this one:
DB/Schema A   R eplic ation  DB/Schema B   R eplic ation  DB/Schema C
Node A1 <–         –> Node B1 <–         –> Node C1
Node A2 <–         –> Node B2 <–         –> Node C2
To do this:
1.Consider A1 is the primary node of the instance1.
2.Create node C1 as a full database node pointing  to Database C and using the instance’s idmsetup.inf 2.
(on page 271)
3.Create node C2 as a shared schema node pointing  to Database C 3.
4.From A1’s web-based interface click Manage the system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation , add 4.
C1’s server and port and propagate changes without r eplic ation.
5.From A2’s web-based interface click Manage the system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation , add 5.
C2’s server and port and propagate changes without r eplic ation.
Adding one applic ation  node to each of the e xisting  database nodes
To add web-based interface and/or aut omation  resources, add a new applic ation  node to each of the
e xisting  database nodes; that means going from this topology:
DB/Schema A   R eplic ation  DB/Schema B
Node A1 <–         –> Node B1Node A2 <–         –> Node B2
… to this one:
DB/Schema A   R eplic ation  DB/Schema B
Node A1 <–         –> Node B1
Node A2 <–         –> Node B2
Node A3 <–         –> Node B3
To do this:
1.Consider A1 is the primary node of the instance1.
2.Create node A3 as a shared schema node pointing  to Database A. 2.
3.Create node B3 as a shared schema node pointing  to Database B. 3.
4.From A3’s web-based interface click Manage the system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation , add 4.
B3’s server and port and propagate changes without r eplic ation.
Checking r eplic ation  status as an administrator
To view status in f ormation  about a r eplic ation  node:
1.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation . 1.
2.Select a node.2.
3.Select the Status tab. 3.
The status page includes in f ormation  about:
▪General▪
▪Product version▪
▪Database version▪
▪Commits to the database have been suspended▪
▪ R eplic ation  from this node has been suspended ▪
▪Unique identifier  for this server ▪
▪Send queue to <node><port>▪
▪Minimum size of the queue▪
▪Queue backlog▪
▪Maximum size of the queue (% of disk space)▪
▪Disk space used (%)▪
▪Queue has reached minimum free space threshold▪
▪Queue is empty▪
▪Time since last queue item was processed (seconds)▪
▪Last item completely processed▪
▪Queue delay of last item (seconds)▪
▪Size of failed procedure log▪▪Current queue sequence number▪
▪ Gener ation  ID of this queue ▪
▪Receive queue from <node><port>▪
▪Minimum size of the queue▪
▪Queue backlog▪
▪Maximum size of the queue (% of disk space)▪
▪Disk space used (%)▪
▪Queue has reached minimum free space threshold▪
▪Queue is empty▪
▪Time since last queue item was processed (seconds)▪
▪Last item completely processed▪
▪Queue delay of last item (seconds)▪
▪Size of failed procedure log (bytes)▪
▪ Gener ation  ID of this queue ▪
▪Receive queue usage s t atistics  for the last 5 minutes ▪
▪Command▪
▪Total time  spent processing (ms) ▪
▪Number of e x ecutions ▪
Send queue  and Receive queue  will show the queues for each connected node where:
▪<node> is the address of the r eplic ation  node. ▪
▪<port> is the port number for the Database Service.▪
Configur ation  notes
▪This database status refers to Bravura Security Fabric ’s Database Service, not to the actual database ▪
status, which must be monitored separately.
▪In shared schema (either hybrid or simple - only one database node with more than one applic ation ▪
node), the local status and settings  have to be c on figur ed  separately on each applic ation  node that
connect to the same database.
▪The settings  for each node can be found in the applic ation  node’s file system in <instance>\service ▪
\iddb.cfg; as the previous note implies, after  settings  pr opag ation  these files should contain the same
data in all nodes in direct r eplic ation  (other than the local-node setting),  but diff er en t  on the nodes in
shared schema.
▪Telemetry is enabled for r eplic ation  by default, to periodically gather metrics on the r eplic ation  queue ▪
state. These metrics are stored locally on each r eplic ation  node and are not aut omatic ally  tr ansmitted,
and do not contain sensitiv e  in f ormation.  These metrics may assist in tr oubleshooting  possible
r eplic ation  queue issues. To opt-out from telemetry, contact support .
Automated node check when using a load balancer
In addition  to the manual process of checking the r eplic ation  status, Bravura Security Fabric  also presents
a web-based interface that can be used to determine the status of each applic ation  node.