3.Select the Priority tab. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  lists the mapped attribut es  and their target systems.
4.Enter priority values for the mapped account attribut es.  A larger value indicates a higher priority. 4.
A default value of 50 is assigned to changes made to attribut e  values from within Bravura Security
Fabric . This value is controlled by the ATTR PRIORITY IDSYNCH field  (Manage the system  > W orkflo w
> Pr ofile  and request attribut es  > Attribut e  logic ).
5.Click Update . 5.
Setting  up a one-time  override
To de fine  a one-time  override for a specific  pr ofile  and request attribut e:
1.Click Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Pr ofile  and request attribut es  > Pr ofile  and request 1.
attribut es .
2.Select the attribut e  for which you want to set the override. 2.
3.Select the Priority tab. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  lists the mapped attribut es  and their target systems.4.Ensure that the priority sequence has been set for the mapped attribut es. 4.
5.Select the Override on change checkbox for the appropriate account attribut e. 5.
When the value for the mapped account attribut e  changes, it will override the de fined  priority
sequence, and its value will be applied to the pr ofile  and request attribut e.
6.Click Update . 6.
Tracking and pr opag ating  attribut e  changes
Changes to pr ofile  and request attribut e  values can be tracked. You can c on figur e  the idtrack  program
to execute a variety of provisioning actions  aut omatic ally .  A common use case is to track changes to a
pr ofile  and request attribut e  to synchronize attribut es  on target systems.
To c on figur e  idtrack  to synchronize pr ofile  and request attribut es:
▪Determine which attribut es  are authorit ativ e  and what changes should occur based on changes to ▪
authorit ativ e  attribut es.
▪ Con figur e  pr ofile  and request attribut es  to be tracked and set the Trackchanges to this attribut e ▪
option.
▪ Con figur e  attribut e  pr opag ation  by: ▪
▪ Con figuring  attribut e  logic. ▪
or,
▪ W riting  an idtrack.psl script. ▪
Con figuring  aut omatic  attribut e  pr opag ation
To set up pr ofile  and request attribut e  logic settings  for aut omatic  pr opag ation:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Aut omation . 1.
2.Enable ATTR AUTO PROPAGATE EXECUTE to aut omatic ally  execute the pr opag ation  of changes to 2.
pr ofile  and request attribut es  to account attribut es  on subordinate systems.
3.Set the ATTR AUTO PROPAGATE REQUESTER field  to a valid Bravura Security Fabric  user. This is the 3.
user that will submit change requests to the Bravura Security Fabric  w orkflo w  system.
4.Enable ATTR AUTO PROPAGATE WRITE to aut omatic ally  write the pr opag ation  of changes to pr ofile 4.
and request attribut es  to a work file. You can set this one alone to make changes manually, or
combined with ATTR AUTO PROPAGATE EXECUTE for logging purposes.
5.Set the ATTR AUTO PROPAGATE THRESHOLD  to control the number of requests to be submitted  due 5.
to changes to pr ofile  attribut es,  unless overridden on the command line. If the threshold is exceeded,
no requests will be submitted  aut omatic ally  by idtrack . Bravura Security Fabric  sends an email to
the product administrator (de fined  by RECIPIENT EMAIL ) who can decide whether to run idtrack
manually to submit those requests.
Example
For the following example, it is assumed there are three target systems:▪ Activ e  Directory with a target ID of “AD” ▪
▪LDAP server with a target ID of “LDAP”▪
▪SQL hosted applic ation  with a target ID of “SQL” ▪
In addition,  these W orkflo w  > Options  > Aut omation  options  are also set:
▪ATTR AUTO PROPAGATE EXECUTE to “On” ▪
▪ATTR AUTO PROPAGATE REQUESTER to a valid pr ofile  ID ▪
Pr ofile  and request attribut es  can be authorit ativ e  so that when a pr ofile  and request attribut e  changes
during auto discovery , the new value is aut omatic ally  propagated to account attribut es.  The most common
way that a pr ofile  and request attribut e  value is changed during auto discovery  is when it is mapped to an
overridden account attribut e  with the Load attribut e  values from target system option  checked.
The other common way that profile  and request attribut e  values are set or changed is when a requester
creates a request in t eractively  using the View and update profile  (IDR) module. The idtrack program is
not executed in this situation.
Pr epar ation:
1.Override the AD target system description  attribut e 1.
Map to the DESC pr ofile  and request attribut e
2.Override the SQL target system description  attribut e 2.
Map to the DESC pr ofile  and request attribut e
3.Override the LDAP target system description  attribut e 3.
Map to the DESC pr ofile  and request attribut e
Check Load attribut e  values from target system
This sets the DESC pr ofile  and request attribut e  value to the value of the LDAP description  account
attribut e.
4.Track changes to the DESC pr ofile  and request attribut e 4.
Changes to this pr ofile  and request attribut e  value will cause idtrack to aut omatic ally  propagate
changes to all mapped account attribut es.
Scripting  attribut e  pr opag ation
Scripted attribut e  pr opag ation  is not as simple to set up as aut omatic  pr opag ation,  but is more fle xible.  A
tracked change can be a triggering event to perform any provisioning oper ation  allowed via the API.
Pr ofile  and request attribut es  and w orkflo w  authoriz ation
Updates to pr ofile  and request attribut es  not associated with target systems are aut omatic ally  approved
as part of the w orkflo w  authoriz ation  process. You can assign authorizers to these types of updates using
the authorizer selection  plugin  (on page 1363), c on figur ed  by the IDSYNCH AUTH CRITERIA MOD PLUGIN
field  ( W orkflo w  > Options  > Plugins ).Attribut e  groups
An attribut e  group  is a named c ollection  of pr ofile  and request attribut es.  Bravura Security Fabric  uses
attribut e  groups to determine:
▪Who can see or edit certain attribut e  values (access controls). ▪
▪How attribut es  are displayed to users. ▪
Access controls 
You assign permissions to user groups to control their members’ read and write access to attribut e
groups, and therefore the attribut es  within each group. An individual user’s access is determined by his
or her membership in one or more user groups.
The following user groups exist by default:
▪allauthorizers– All users designated as authorizers of requests.▪
▪allimplementers– All users designated as implementers of requests.▪
▪allrecipients– All recipients of access change requests.▪
▪allrequesters– All requesters of access change requests.▪
▪allself– Restricts all users to have access to only their own attribut es. ▪
▪msp_report_users– Product administrators who can generate and view managed system policy▪
reports.
For example, you may want to allow some authorizers to enter c on fidential,  required in f ormation  such as
users’ salary or Social Security Numbers without allowing requesters to see them.
Attribut e  display 
You can have groups of related attribut es  display:
▪For certain request oper ations;  for example, create user, access account, or add user to a group . ▪
▪On the main page or any number of sub-pages on the request form▪
This is useful to avoid exposing users to hundreds of pr ofile  and request attribut es  on one page.
You can also determine the r elativ e  order that the attribut es  appear within the group.
In some cases you may not want the attribut es  to display at all. The attribut e  values are still available to
the system, including interface programs and plugins; for example you may use a plugin to set default
values rather than have users fill them in.  
Enforcing v alidation  
Normally, if a value is required, Bravura Security Fabric  stops a request from proceeding if the user has
not entered a correctly f ormatted  value. You can turn off v alidation  for an attribut e  or attribut e  group if
an incorrectly entered value should not block a request. This can be useful, for example, if a user needs to
create or update their pr ofile  but does not have complete in f ormation.   Built-in attribut e  groups
The following attribut e  groups are included in Bravura Security Fabric :
APP_BUILTIN
Bravura Privilege  built-in attribut es,  used in the Privileged access  and Session monitor .
▪Members  desc_app, notes_app, email_app ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), recipients (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  Single account access, Temporary group membership, Account set access, View recorded ▪
sessions, Search recorded sessions, Download recorded sessions
APP_RECIPIENT
Bravura Privilege  recipient attribut es,  used in the Privileged access .
▪Members  recipient_app ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), recipients (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  Single account access, Temporary group membership, Account set access ▪
ARCHBASEATTR
Bravura Privilege  request base attribut es,  used in check-out requests.
▪Members  ppm_vie w_time_begin,  ppm_vie w_time_end,  use_dur ation,  dur ation_unit, ▪
dur ation_in t er v al
▪Access control  All authorizers, recipients (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  Single account access, Temporary group membership, Account set access ▪
ARCH_EXTEND_CHECKOUT
Bravura Privilege  check-out extension details.
▪Members  arch_extend_checkout_reason, dur ation_in t er v al,  e x t ension_dur ation_unit ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers, recipients (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  Extend a check-out ▪
ARCH_REQ_GRP
Bravura Privilege  group set attribut es,  used in the Privileged access .
▪Members  account_target_list ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), recipients (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  Temporary group membership ▪
ARCH_REQ_SSH
Bravura Privilege  SSH attribut es,  used in the Privileged access .▪Members  ar ch_oper ation_type,  ssh_auth_key ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), recipients (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  Single account access, Generic PAM check-out request ▪
BASEATTRIBUTE
Base attribut es  for all user pr ofiles.
▪Members  fir s t_name,  other_name, last_name, pr ofile_pic ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers, implementers, requesters, and recipients of access change requests. ▪
▪ Oper ations  View pr ofile,  Create user pr ofile,  Update pr ofile ▪
SSH_PUBLIC_ATTRS
SSH public key attribut es  for all user pr ofiles.  By default, this is not displayed to users.
▪Members  ssh_public_keys ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), self ▪
▪ Oper ations  View pr ofile,  Create user pr ofile,  Update pr ofile ▪
CERT_ATTR_TO_DISPLAY
When s t arting  a new certific ation  campaign, the Attribut es  to display in certific ation  campaign page
shows the members of this attribut e  group by default.
▪Members  email, pr ofile_pic ▪
▪Access control  All reviewers (read) ▪
▪ Oper ations  No oper ations  set ▪
CERT_ORGCHART_MANAGER
During a certific ation  campaign based on an OrgChart, this attribut e  group is used to determine OrgChart
managers and is used in transfer requests.
▪Members  orgchart_manager ▪
▪Access control  All requesters, all recipients, all reviewers, all authorizers, all implementers ▪
▪ Oper ations  No oper ations  set ▪
MAQBASEATTR
Bravura Privilege  account set access request attribut es  used for command e x ecution.
▪Members  maqcmd_scope, maq_command ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers, requesters and recipients ▪
▪ Oper ations  Account set access ▪
ORGCHART_DISPLAYDisplays attribut es  for each user on the Browse the OrgChart page. For example, add the EMAIL attribut e
to display each user’s email address in the OrgChart structure.
▪Members  pr ofile_pic ▪
▪Access control  No access controls; visible to all users ▪
▪ Oper ations  Oper ations  cannot be set, only for viewing on the Browse the OrgChart page ▪
RBACENFORCEATTR
Attribut es  used to place users in role-enforcement jurisdiction.
▪Members  rbacenforce ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers, implementers, and requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  View pr ofile,  Create user pr ofile,  Update pr ofile ▪
REQUESTONLY
Used only in the context of a request, and do not modify a user’s pr ofile.  By default, this is not displayed
to regular users.
▪Members  viewable_by_recipient ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers, implementers, and requesters of access change requests ▪
▪ Oper ations  No oper ations  set ▪
SM_BROWSER_VIEW
Bravura Privilege  recorded session meta data browser view limits.
▪Members  sm_br o w ser_vie w_time_end,  sm_br o w ser_vie w_time_s t art ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  View recorded sessions ▪
SM_SEARCH
Bravura Privilege  recorded session meta data browse limits.
▪Members  sm_search_dest_managed_system, sm_sear ch_initia t or , ▪
sm_search_managed_account, sm_sear ch_sear ch_time_end,
sm_sear ch_sear ch_time_s t art,  sm_sear ch_sess_time_end,
sm_sear ch_sess_time_s t art,  sm_search_source
sm_search_source_account, sm_search_msps
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  Search recorded sessions ▪
SM_VIEW
Bravura Privilege  recorded session meta data view limits.▪Members  sm_event_type, sm_vie w_e xpir y_time ▪
▪Access control  All authorizers (read), requesters ▪
▪ Oper ations  VDownload recorded sessions ▪
Getting  started
You use the  Attribut e  group de finition  page to c on figur e  general attribut e  group in f ormation,  and to
access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Attribut e  groups . 1.
2.Create or select the group you want to de fine. 2.
Cr eating  attribut e  groups
To create an attribut e  group:
1.Click Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Attribut e  groups . 1.
2.Click Add new... 2.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Attribut e  Group de finition  page.
3.Type a unique ID and Description . 3.
4.Set rules for v alidation  enforcement: 4.
▪Enforce v alidation  when cr eating  new accounts – Enable this if new account requests can only ▪
proceed if correctly f ormatted  values are entered for this attribut e  group.
▪ V alidation  behavior when updating  e xisting  accounts – Determine whether Bravura Security Fabric ▪
should always validate values for this attribut e  group before proceeding with a request, or only if
the values have been modified.
5.If you want to provide additional  in f ormation  for end users, enter text in the Notes (above attribut es) 5.
or Notes (below attribut es)  fields.
These fields  support !!! tags  (on page 361) for in t ernationaliz ation  and HTML markup. See
CUSTOMIZATION  (on page 3471) for detailed in f ormation.
6.Click Add. 6.
Next: 
▪Add attribut e  group members  (on page 1308) ▪
▪Assign read and write permissions  (on page 1309) ▪
▪Determine how attribut es  are displayed  (on page 1309) ▪
Adding attribut e  group members
Pr ofile  and request attribut es  must be added to an attribut e  group before they can be used.
It is recommended that you avoid making a single attribut e  a member of more than one attribut e  groups
that might be used for the same operation.  If necessary, create specific  profile  and request attribut es  for
each of the groups so that they can better  re flect  the attribut e  group to which they belong.To add attribut es  to a group:
1.From the Attribut e  Group de finition  (on page 1308) page, click the Members tab. 1.
2.Click Add to see a list of all attribut es. 2.
3.Search for, or select the checkboxes next to the attribut es  you want to include. 3.
4.Click Add. 4.
To remove attribut es  from the attribut e  group, select the checkbox next to the attribut e  and click Delete .
If required c on firm  your actions  (on page 360).
To display group membership for a pr ofile  and request attribut e,  if any, select the pr ofile  and request
attribut e,  then click the Attribut e  groups tab.
Assigning read and write permissions
To assign read and write permissions for an attribut e  group:
1.From the Attribut e  Group de finition  (on page 1308) page, click the Access control tab. 1.
2.If required, search to r e fine  the list of attribut es  displayed on the page. 2.
3.Select Read and Write checkboxes as required. 3.
By default, the checkboxes indicate allowed permissions. If Bravura Security Fabric  is c on figur ed  to
display Allow and Deny columns, ensure that you select checkboxes in the appropriate columns. See
c on figur ation  notes below.
4.Click Update . 4.
If you require users to be able to edit attribut es  with restricted or boolean values, you must assign
them both read and write permissions.
Notes about permissions 
When assigning read and write permissions for an attribut e  group, consider the following:
▪If an attribut e  group contains required attribut es  that can only be edited by authorizers, the ▪
requirement is ignored until  the request reaches the authoriz ation  stage. If authorizers then fail to
provide values for the required attribut es,  the request is aut omatic ally  denied.
▪When a user group is assigned write-only permissions to attribut es  with restricted or boolean values, ▪
they are aut omatic ally  granted read andwrite permissions since write-only permissions would prevent
users from viewing or editing  attribut es.
In some cases it may be easier to prevent certain users from accessing specific  objects, rather than trying
to find a way to grant limited user access.
Use the ACL DENY ENABLE setting  on the Manage the system > Policies > Options  page to allow console
users to deny read and write permissions to objects.
Determining how attribut es  are displayed
To determine how a group of attribut es  is displayed to users:1.From the Attribut e  Group de finition  (on page 1308) page, click the Display criteria tab. 1.
2.Determine the Display type . Select: 2.
▪Main – to display the group and its attribut es  on users’ main pr ofile  page. ▪
▪Subsidiary – to display the group’s attribut es  on a subsidiary page on users’ pr ofile  pages. ▪
▪None – to hide the group and its attribut es  from users on their pr ofile  page. ▪
3.Select the oper ations  for which the attribut es  are displayed. 3.
4.Click Update . 4.
Notes about display 
▪Bravura Security Fabric  does not display empty groups (without attribut es)  to users. ▪
▪Errors will occur if multiple  attribut e  groups contain the same attribut e  and are displayed on the main ▪
page.
▪The list of oper ations  does not apply to pr e-de fined  requests. ▪
Determining attribut e  group display order
To determine the order in which attribut e  groups are displayed to users:
1.Click Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Attribut e  groups . 1.
2.Click Order... . 2.
3.Drag and drop one of the double dir ection  arrows in the ID field  to change the attribut e  groups’ order 3.
in the list.
4.Click Update . 4.
 About the r elativ e  display order 
When you click Update , Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  adjusts the attribut e  groups’ Order values
to increments of 10. This allows you to manipulate the group order without changing the full list. For
example, to move the BASEATTRIBUTE (10) group between ARCHBASEATTR (20) and REQUESTONLY (30),
set its r elativ e  order to 25.