6.Click Submit . 6.
The request will be auto-approved and the systems will be onboarded.
7.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed systems . 7.
You should be able to see the new onboarded target systems.T r oubleshooting
When a file is opened in Python it may have a bad/unexpected name for the fir s t column See
Workaround for dealing with UTF-8 BOM encoding  (on page 324).Privilege P attern:  Personal privileged access
This chapter shows you how to c on figur e  and use the personal privileged access feature.
Terminology 
The following terms are used in this chapter:
Personal adminis tr ativ e  account An account with elevated privileges that is owned by a
single user.
Account trustee A user who can onboard, offboar d,  and update
privileged accounts.
Help desk trustee Any user that is a member of the help desk trustee user
class, and so can submit a request to assign an owner at
account onboard or update.
Objectiv e
Technical s t a ff  in many companies have their normal employee account as well as an administrator
account that contains elevated privileges. These accounts are checked out at the start of almost everyday
in order to connect to various systems to complete their tasks. It is tedious to request, check out, and
disclose over and over again for something so critic al  to their day-to-day duties.
Or g aniz ations  require administrators to streamline their w orkflo w  by aut omatic ally  checking out personal
administrator accounts that they have ownership of at login when launching the privileged access app>.
Solution
The personal privileged access feature automates the request process, allowing specific  account access to
be assigned to a single owner. The act of signing into Bravura Privilege  triggers an aut omatic  check-out of
all the owner’s personal privileged access accounts.
Initial  c onsider ations
Determine which accounts should be personal administrator accounts and who should own them by
considering the following:
▪How often  is this account accessed? ▪
▪Is the same person always accessing this account?▪
If an account is accessed frequently, such as part of daily tasks, and is always accessed by the same
person, it is a good candidate to make it a personal admin account and assign it single ownership.
Example: Onboard an account and assign a single owner
This example shows you how to c on figur e  Bravura Privilege  to onboard an account and assign an owner.  
Requirements This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack  are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target has been c on figur ed  and is a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪Bravura Privilege P atternis  installed. ▪
▪Scenario.pam_personal_admin_management is installed.▪
▪Teams have been c on figur ed  with account trustees. ▪
▪Systems have been discovered and onboarded.▪
RefBuild.pam_team_management is installed when Bravura Privilege P attern  is installed.
Systems onboarded before this component is installed will need to be manually added to the "Personal
administrator access" MSP .
Onboard an account and assign owner as an account trustee 
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as an account trustee. 1.
2.In the Requests section  of the main menu, click Manage Resources . 2.
3.Click the Account: Onboard PDR. 3.
4.Select a managed account.4.
5.Click Next . 5.
6.Select Personal administrator access policy. 6.
7. Con figur e  other settings  as appropriate. 7.
8.Click Next . 8.
9.Select a privileged access owner.9.
10. Click Next . 10.
11. Con figur e  session monitoring options  as appropriate. 11.
12. Click Submit . 12.
Help desk trustees can also submit requests, but task will not be implemented until  an account trustee
approves the request.
Example: Transfer ownership from a team to a single owner
This example shows you how to c on figur e  Bravura Privilege  to transfer an account from a team and
assign an owner.  
Requirements 
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack  are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target has been c on figur ed  and is a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪Bravura Privilege P atternis  installed. ▪
▪Scenario.pam_personal_admin_management is installed.▪▪Teams have been c on figur ed  with account trustees. ▪
▪Systems have been discovered and onboarded.▪
▪There is at least one account managed by a team.▪
Transfer owner of an account from a team to a single owner 
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as an account trustee. 1.
2.In the Requests section  of the main menu, click Manage Resources . 2.
3.Click the Account: Update PDR. 3.
4.Select a managed account.4.
5.Click Next . 5.
6.Select the Personal administrator access policy. 6.
7. Con figur e  other settings  as appropriate. 7.
8.Click Next . 8.
9.Select a privileged access owner.9.
10. Click Next . 10.
11. Con figur e  session monitoring options  as appropriate. 11.
12. Click Submit . 12.
Example: Check out personal admin access
This example shows you how to assess the personal admin account as the owner.  
Requirements 
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack  are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target has been c on figur ed  and is a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪Bravura Privilege P attern  is installed. ▪
▪Scenario.pam_personal_admin_management is installed.▪
▪Teams have been c on figur ed  with account trustees. ▪
▪Systems have been discovered and onboarded.▪
▪At least one personal admin account exists.▪
Add the Personal admin accounts filt er  to the Privileged access  app
1.Log in to the front-end as superuser.1.
2.Click  Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 2.
3.Create a user class to be used to filt er  which users can see the Personal admin accounts  filt er . 3.
4.Add the requesters' accounts to the user class you created. These requesters will see the Personal 4.
admin accounts  filt er .
5.Click  Manage the system  > Modules > Privileged access . 5.6.Add the new user class to the ACCESS PERSONALADMINACCOUNTS USERCLASS setting. 6.
Check out personal admin account access 
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a requester. 1.
2.In the Requests section  of the main menu, click Privileged access . 2.
3.Click Personal admin accounts filt er . 3.
4.4.
5.Select the personal adminis tr ativ e  account to check out. 5.
6.Click Request  Check-out . 6.Privilege P attern:  Aut omation
Import rules versus Resource Management Service
The aut omation  of privileged access management requests can be handled by the use of import rules,
which is outlined in Infrastructure Auto Discovery  (on page 2080). The use of import rules requires a
product administrator to c on figur e  managed system policies and discovery templates.
Alt ernativ ely ,  aut omation  can be handled by c on figuring  post discovery scripts for psupdate  (on page
2742), or the Resource Management Service (RMS). As of 12.2.0, RMS should only be used with the help
of professional services. Contact your Bravura Security account manager to discuss professional services
assistance with RMS.Privilege P attern:  Website disclosure c on figur ations
Users need to access pot entially  hundreds and thousands of websites from any browser without having
to provide administrator cr edentials.  When accessing these websites, session monitoring, via secure
browser disclosure, can enhance the or g aniz ation’ s  ability to audit access.
This chapter shows you how to c on figur e  website disclosure c on figur ations.  Once the website disclosure
c on figur ations  are created, managed accounts and vault accounts can be c on figur ed  to use one or both
of the following access disclosure methods:
▪Web app privileged sign-on  This disclosure plugin launches a new web page tab within the same ▪
browser and provides aut omatic  login to the website without need to enter administrator cr edentials
for the managed account. This is currently supported on Chrome and Firefox browsers only. This
disclosure method does not support session monitoring.
▪Secure browser  The secure browser method allows users to aut omatic ally  login to a website as a ▪
managed account without the need to enter administrator cr edentials,  and includes recording
screenshots using session monitor.
Only the Screenshots c ollection  module is available in session monitor for secure browser.
Terminology
Web applic ation  administrator User who has access to web applic ation  PDRs (pr e-de fined
requests).  This person needs to be a member of the
PAM_TEAM_ADMINS user class, and needs to be
c on figur ed  by a product administrator.
Secure browser disclosure plugin A disclosure plugin, which provides a method that brokers
access to websites using a dedicated browser window with
added session monitoring.
Web app privileged sign-on disclosure plugin A disclosure plugin, which provides a method that brokers
access to websites launched through a Chrome browser
tab.
Bravura Security browser extension An extension that allows the web app privileged sign-on
disclosure to broker access to the c on figur ed  website.
Secure browser client Bravura Security Secure Browser trusted app that brokers
access to a c on figur ed  website with added session
recording.
Website disclosure c on figur ation Disclosure c on figur ation  created in Bravura Security Fabric
using JSON c on figur ation  files to provide single sign-on
access to a website.
Requirements
▪Install components and scenarios  (on page 2309) ▪
▪Web app privileged sign-on disclosure method:▪
▪Google Chrome or Micr osoft  Edge (Chromium) or Mozilla Firefox browser ▪Chrome and Edge browsers only: Bravura Security browser extension 1.1.4 or newer needs to be
installed. This extension can be obtained from the Chrome Web Store. Alt ernativ ely ,  this will be
prompted upon initial  launch of the web app disclosure.
Firefox browsers only: Bravura Security browser add-on needs to be installed. This will be
prompted upon initial  launch of the web app disclosure.
▪Secure browser disclosure method:▪
▪Install the Secure browser client  (on page 2317) ▪
Deployment
To allow the secure browser or web app privileged sign-on method to  be used, install the following
components
1.Log in to Front-end (PSF) as a superuser.1.
2.From the main menu click Manage components. 2.
3.Search and select the checkbox for required components.3.
4.Click Install component(s) . 4.
The panel on the right will indicate when the ins t allation  is complete.
in addition  to the Bravura Privilege P attern  c on figur ation:
▪Scenario.pam_webapp_management▪
▪Scenario.pam_webapp_social (optional) ▪
This optional  component includes website disclosure c on figur ations  for GMail, Facebook, and T witter .
▪Scenario.pam_webapp_cloud_service (optional) ▪
This optional  component includes website disclosure c on figur ations  for Micr osoft  Azure and AWS
IAM/root accounts.
▪ Scenario.pam_w ebapp_cloud_c omputing  (optional) ▪
This optional  component includes a website disclosure c on figur ation  for ServiceNow accounts.
You can manually create a c on figur ation  file (JSON)
The c on figur ation  file for the web app privileged sign-on disclosure requires a JSON file with the following
structure:
{
    "info": {
        "url": "http s://w ebpag e/"
        },
    "username": {
        "order": 1,
        "type": "CSS",
        "value": "input[name='session[username_or_email]']",
        "input_value": "%username%",
        "keypress_event": true,
        "click": false,        "settle_time_be f or e":  5,
        "settle_time_after":  0,
      "stop_on_fail": false
    },
    "password": {
        "order": 2,
        "type": "CSS",
        "value": "input[name='session[password]']",
        "input_value": "%password%" ,
        "keypress_event": true,
        "click": false,
        "settle_time_be f or e":  0,
        "settle_time_after":  0,
        "stop_on_fail": false
    },
    "submit": {
        "order": 3,
        "type": "CSS",
        "value": "[r ole='button'][type='sub mit']",
        "input_value": "" ,
        "keypress_event": false,
        "click": true,
        "settle_time_be f or e":  0,
        "settle_time_after":  0,
        "stop_on_fail": false
    }
Where:
▪"Info"["url"]  is the url the web app will open the webpage on. ▪
▪"username"  , "password ", and "submit"  action  keys with a structure which determines how the ▪
browser will interact with the webpage.
You can have as many action  keys as needed to interact with the webpage tab
▪"order"  order number the browser extension will act on. ▪
▪"type"  the search method the browser extension will use to find an element that matches "value" on ▪
the webpage. The supported types are:
▪"XPATH": find an element using XPATH that matches the "value" ▪
▪"CSS": find an element using CSS that matches the "value" ▪
▪"ID": find an element with "id" that matches the "value" ▪
▪"NAME": find the fir s t element with "name" that matches the "value" ▪
▪"CLASS": find the fir s t element with the class that matches the "value" ▪
▪"value"  browser extension will use to look the webpage by "type". ▪
▪"input_value"  the value we will look for in the search to identif y  the input field. ▪
▪"keypress_event"  a flag that is required, but not yet used. ▪