Right Keyword Description
Security adminis tr ation
Manage
securitysecurity The product administrator can manage User access rules and Options  in the
Manage the system Security menu.
Manage
product
administratorconsole The product administrator can create and manage other product administrators.
A product administrator may only manage or create new product administrators
with equal or lesser rights assigned to them. A product administrator cannot
manage his or her own rights.
Manage user
groupsmngacl The product administrator can manage user access controls in the Manage the
system module.
Privileged access management
Create
managed
system policiescreategroup The product administrator can create managed system policies in the Manage
the system. As owner of the managed system policy, the product administrator
has access to the policy but not the passwords managed by the policy - that
permission must be specific ally  assigned via user group access controls.
Manage
orphan
managed
systemsmngorphanres The product administrator can manage orphaned systems (not a member of a
managed system policy) in the Manage the system.
Create
managed
systemscreateres The product administrator can add a user-managed system in the Manage the
system.
Manage
managed
system policiesgroupmgmt The product administrator can be granted access to modify or remove e xisting
managed system policies in the Manage the system. Access to managed system
policies must also be granted in the Manage the system > Security > Privileged
access to systems  menu. The product administrator cannot update user groups
of which they are a member. This right does not give the product administrator
access to orphan managed systems, nor access groups of which they are an
e xisting  member.
Recover last
managed
passwordrecoverpwd The product administrator can recover the last stored managed password for a
managed account, regardless of the state of the target (whether it is managed,
unmanaged or remanaged) using the RecoverKeyByAccount function  call and
OTP caller and LogonEx to connect to the API service.Right Keyword Description
Access certific ation
Manage
certific ation
processcertif y The product administrator can manage the access certific ation  process, by which
one or more reviewers c on firm  or remove access privileges of users, and remove
stale users.
Initia t e
entitlemen t
certific ation
campaignssingleuser certif y The product administrator can initia t e  a access certific ation  process, by which a
single reviewer can c on firm  or remove access privileges of users, and remove
stale users.
OrgChart management
Start Org
building
roundscreateorg The product administrator can use the Manage the OrgChart to initia t e  OrgChart
building rounds.
Manage the
OrgChartupdateorg The product administrator can use the Manage the OrgChart to manually change
the OrgChart structure.
Remote API
IDAPI caller apicaller The product administrator can access the API Service (idapi) Login function  from
the IP addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the IDAP caller right to an administrator group with other
rights.
OTP IDAPI
callerotpcaller The product administrator can access the API Service LoginEx function  from the
IP addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.  The LoginEx
function  gains access to the KMKeyGetByAccount function,  which is used to
retrieve passwords that Bravura Privilege  manages.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the OTP IDAP caller right to an administrator group with other
rights.Right Keyword Description
Guacamole
IDAPI callerguacamolecaller The product administrator can access the API Service Login function  from the IP
addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.  The Login function
gains access to the CheckoutParamsGet and CheckoutStatusGet functions,  which
is used for a Guacamole gateway to periodically check whether a managed
account checkout is still valid during an activ e  Guacamole access disclosure
session.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the Guacamole IDAPI caller right to an administrator group
with other rights.
R eplic ation
Con figur e
r eplic ationr eplic ation The product administrator can c on figur e  database r eplic ation  (Manage the
system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation )
View in f ormation
View
in f ormation:T ar g e t
systemsviewhost The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about target systems
via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Manag ed
groupsviewmgrp The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about managed
groups via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:R olesviewrole The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about roles via
embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Segr eg ation
of duties  rulesviewsod The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about segr eg ation  of
duties  rules via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:User
classesviewuc The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about user classes via
embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Acc oun tsviewacct The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about accounts via
embedded links.Right Keyword Description
View
in f ormation:Pr e-
de fined
requestsviewpdr The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about pr e-de fined
requests via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:T empla t e
accountsviewtpl The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about template
accounts via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:User
notific ationsvie wntf The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about user
notific ations  via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Certific ation
campaignsviewcert The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about certific ation
campaigns via embedded links.
T esting  adminis tr ativ e  privileges
The Show e ff ectiv e  privileges function  allows you to view the product adminis tr ation  privileges for any
user. To do this:
1.Click Manage the system  > Security > Access to product features  > Show e ff ectiv e  privileges . 1.
2.Search for, or type the ID of the User you want to test. 2.
3.Click Test. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the results of the test.
Enabling, disabling and unlocking product administrator pr ofiles
You can enable, disable or unlock the pr ofile  ofproduct administrator s using the Manage the system  (PSA)
module. Users with console-only access can only have their pr ofile  status updated using the Manage the
system  (PSA) module.
To enable, disable or unlock a product administrator ’s pr ofile:
1.Click Manage the system  > Security > Access to product features  > Individual administrators . 1.
2.Select the product administrator . 2.
3.Click Enable , Disable or Unlock . 3.St atic  authorizers
In Bravura Security Fabric , an authorizer is a user who can review and act on security change requests.
Any regular user with a valid pr ofile  can be assigned as a s t atic  authorizer. St atic  authorizers can be
mapped directly to resources or policies.
The types of requests that s t atic  authorizers can review, and the actions  they can take, depend on the
privileges granted to them by user access rules.
All authorizers that are mapped to resources are listed in Manage the system > W orkflo w . From here you
can select individual authorizers to:
▪ De fine  when and how they are notified  of pending requests ▪
▪Determine whether their approval is required before a request can be approved▪
▪Determine whether their denial of any part of a request blocks the entir e  request ▪
▪View the resources and policies to which they are assigned▪
Con figuring  s t atic  authorizers
Before you begin, ensure that requirements are met for email notific ation  (on page 412):
▪Bravura Security Fabric  can determine users’ email addresses (highly recommended). ▪
▪The required w orkflo w  settings  have values under Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Email ▪
c on figur ation  .
To c on figur e  s t atic  authorizers from the w orkflo w  menu:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Authorizers . 1.
2.Select or search to select the user whose authorizer settings  you want to c on figur e. 2.
3.Enter Authorizer notific ation  parameters 3.
The following table describes parameters that determine how authorizers are notified:
Option Description
Email address If Bravura Security Fabric  is:
▪Set up to determine users’ email addresses, leave the default radio▪
button  selected. When adding an authorizer, the email address is
entered aut omatic ally  when you submit the form.
▪Not set up to determine users’ email addresses, or if you want to▪
provide a diff er en t  address, select the other radio button  and type the
authorizer’s email address in the adjacent field.
Notif y  this user immediately Select this checkbox if you want this authorizer to be notified  immediately
as each stage of a request is reached.Option Description
Times of day to email If you want to override the global email notific ation  setting ,  type the
regular times,  in 24-hour format, that this authorizer should receive email
reminders.
For example, type 9:00,13:00  to indicate that the authorizer receives
email reminders at 9 am and 1 pm, or type 9:00-13:00  to indicate that
the emails should be sent at regular intervals between 9 am and 1 pm.
If you alter the reminder times  or interval, messages that have already been queued will be sent at the
previously set time.  The new time  values apply to messages triggered after  you make the changes.
.
4.Select the Denial blocks entir e  request checkbox if you want the authorizer to be able to block an 4.
entir e  request, rather than just part of a request.
5.Select the Input is required before request can be approved checkbox if you want the authorizer’s 5.
approval to be required before any request to which he is assigned can proceed, regardless of the
number of authorizers who have already approved the request.
6.Click Update at the bottom  of the form. 6.
Assigning authorizers to a resource or policy
To assign s t atic  authorizers to a resource or policy, navigate to the authoriz ation  tab or section  of the
in f ormation  page for the resource or policy.
If phased authoriz ation  is enabled ( WF PHASED AUTH ), you can assign authorizers to phases.
When you assign a s t atic  authorizer to a resource or policy, those objects are listed on the individual
authorizer’s in f ormation  page.
Deleting  authorizers
Deleting  an authorizer from a resource or policy only removes the user from the list of authorizers for
that resource or policy. The user and their accounts still exist in the Bravura Security Fabric  database.
Access to user pr ofiles
This section  shows you how to de fine  user access rules to control access to user pr ofiles  for self-service
users and help desk users. User access rules de fine  which privileges a group of users can have, and user
classes de fine  membership criteria for each user access rule.
Types of user access rules
The main types of user pr ofile  access rules are:
▪Global help desk rules  (on page 707) ▪
▪Self-service rules  (on page 707) ▪
▪Delegated adminis tr ation  rules  (on page 708) ▪▪ Pr ofile  comparison rules  (on page 710) ▪
Global help desk rules
▪Specify what help desk users can do for all other users.▪
▪Apply to users in a single-participan t ▪
The standard global help desk rules are:
ALLREQUESTERS De fines  privileges that apply by default to all regular users. By default, the
membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the _ALLUSERS_ user
class.
API_REQUEST De fines  privileges for API users. By default, the membership criteria for this user
access rule is de fined  by the _EXPLICIT_API_USERS_ user class.
API_TPM_REQUEST De fines  privileges for API users of Phone Password Manager. By default, the
membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the
_EXPLICIT_API_USERS_TPM_ user class.
GLOBAL_HELP_DESK De fines  privileges for basic, front-line help desk users. By default, the
membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the
_GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_ user class.
HELP_DESK_MANAGER De fines  privileges for all help desk managers.
By default, the membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the
_HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_ user class.
Note: The Unlock accounts , Manage tokens and Generate voice print
enrollment PIN privileges all require c on figur ation.  If not yet c on figur ed,
"(Disabled)” is displayed next to their name.
The Update security questions , View security questions , and Bypass security
questions  privileges have "(Disabled)” displayed next to their name, when the
Update security questions  (PSQ) module is disabled.
See User access rule privileges  (on page 714) for details on each privilege.
Self-service rules
▪Specify what self-service users can do for themselves.▪
▪Apply to users in a single-participan t  user class - that is, individual users are included based on an ▪
attribut e  or group membership.
The default self-service rule is:
ALL_SELF_REQUEST All self-service users who make requests for themselves. By default,
membership is de fined  by the _ALLUSERS_ user class.
The Unlock accounts , Manage tokens and Generate voice print enrollment PIN privileges all require
c onfiguration.  If not yet c onfigured,  "(Disabled)” is displayed next to their name.
The Update security questions  privilege has "(Disabled)” displayed next to it when the Update security
questions  is disabled. If this privilege is not selected, users are not required to update their security
questions  when logging in, and the link is not displayed on the main menu.See User access rule privileges  (on page 714) for details on each privilege.
Delegated adminis tr ation  rules
 Applies to Bravura Identity
▪Allow the same privileges as the global help desk rules.▪
▪Include users based on a relational  user class – that is, there are multiple  participan ts  which are ▪
de fined  as either requester or recipient. An example of this is a manager-subordinate r elationship.
▪Specify what the requester can do for the recipient.▪
▪Have no default rules de fined. ▪
See User access rule privileges  (on page 714) for details on each privilege.
See Example: Delegate a certific ation  segment when the reviewer is invalid
Business requirement
Or g aniz ations  require the ability to sign off on a certific ation  campaign when the initial  reviewer is no
longer a valid user.
Solution
A superuser can create deleg ation  adminis tr ation  rules in Bravura Security Fabric  to enable a certific ation
segment to be delegated to a valid user. The valid user can then complete the certific ation  round.
The following demonstrates how to c on figur e  delegated adminis tr ativ e  rules using the Deleg ation
authority  privilege to delegate an invalid user’s certific ation  segment to a valid user.
In this example, a superuser creates two delegated adminis tr ativ e  rules with the Deleg ation  authority
privilege:
▪One rule specifying NEWUSER  as the RECIPIENT. This rule enables the Delegate authority  link under ▪
Other users .
▪Another rule specifying ALLUSERS  as the RECIPIENT. This rule enables the Show invalid  icon 
  to ▪
display when selecting  the user whose authority you need to delegate.
This setup is for demons tration  purposes only; in a production  environment it is recommended that
you restrict access to the "Delegate authority" privilege to specific  users through a global helpdesk
rule
Pre-requisites
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack  installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system is added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪There is an activ e  certific a t e  segment where the reviewer has been deleted in the target system. ▪Configur e  the fir s t delegated adminis tr ativ e  rule:
1.Log in to the front-end as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s > Delegated adminis tr ation  rules . 2.
3.Click Add new. 3.
▪ID: Rule 1▪
▪ Description:  Rule 1 ▪
4.Select Delegate authority  for Allowed privileges. 4.
Click Add.
5.Click Membership criteria  tab. 5.
Click Select.
6.Select the _ALLUSERS_ user class.6.
7.Select RECIPIENT  for P articipan t  mapping. 7.
Click Select.
8.Select the _ALLUSERS_ user class.8.
9.Select REQUESTER  for P articipan t  mapping. 9.
10. Set The participan ts  have to match which of the user classes to All of the user classes . 10.
Configur e  the second delegated adminis tr ativ e  rule:
1.Log in to the front-end as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s > Delegated adminis tr ation  rules. 2.
3.Click Add new. 3.
4.Click Add new. 4.
▪ID: Rule 2▪
▪ Description:  Rule 2 ▪
5.Select Delegate authority  for Allowed privileges. 5.
Click Add.
6.Click Membership criteria  tab. 6.
Click Select.
7.Select the _NEWUSER_ user class.7.
8.Select RECIPIENT  for P articipan t  mapping. 8.
Click Select.
9.Select the _ALLUSERS_ user class.9.
10. Select REQUESTER for P articipan t  mapping. 10.
11. Set The participan ts  have to match which of the user classes to All of the user classes . 11.
Delegate an invalid user’s certific a t e  segment to an valid user:
1.Log in to the front-end as an end user.1.2.Click Delegate authority  in the Other users section. 2.
3.Click Show invalid . 3.
4.Click the deleted reviewer link to open the deleg ation  page. 4.
5.On the deleg ation  page, select a valid user as the delegate. 5.
for an example.
Pr ofile  comparison rules
 Applies to Bravura Identity
▪Are r elational,  and have multiple  participan ts  which are de fined  as requester, recipient, or model user. ▪
▪Determine which requester can modify/create which recipient based on model user. They also de fine ▪
which requester can use which model user.
▪Have no default rules de fined. ▪
▪Can only be de fined  by mapping participan ts  to user class. Privileges are determined by other rules ▪
and user groups.
De fining  user access to user pr ofiles
Requirements 
You require the "Manage security"  adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Access to user pr ofiles
menu item.
Na vig ation  steps 
Use the Access to user profiles  page to c on figur e  user access rules. To navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s. 1.
2.Click a category:2.
▪Global help desk rules▪
▪Specify what help desk users can do for all other users.▪
▪Apply to users in a single-participan t ▪
The standard global help desk rules are:
ALLREQUESTERS De fines  privileges that apply by default to all regular users. By default, the
membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the _ALLUSERS_ user
class.
API_REQUEST De fines  privileges for API users. By default, the membership criteria for this user
access rule is de fined  by the _EXPLICIT_API_USERS_ user class.
API_TPM_REQUEST De fines  privileges for API users of Phone Password Manager. By default, the
membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the
_EXPLICIT_API_USERS_TPM_ user class.