▪Ask users to answer questions  from this set  is checked. ▪
▪Ask telephone users to answer questions  from this set  is checked. ▪
▪All of the questions  in the question  set require all-numeric answers of a fix ed  length. To do this: ▪
Set the Minimum length of answers  and Maximum length of answer  fields  to the same value, and set
the F ormatted  string for answer  field  to contain the required number of Ns. For example, set the
minimum and maximum number of characters to 5, and write NNNNN as the f ormatted  string.
Users must provide answers for all required questions  in the IVR question  sets in Bravura Pass prior to
using the IVR system.
You must record vocals (usually *.wav files)  for each of the IVR questions.  The IVR system plays these
vocals for callers, prompting  them to enter their numeric answers.
Learn more about adding question  sets  (on page 1024).
IVR with voice print authentic ation
IVR systems with voice print authentic ation  reliably identif y  callers by analyzing their voice print and
matching it against a record of each registered user. This is a simpler and more secure caller
authentic ation  process, compared to IVR question  sets, but is more costly.
Biometric voice print v erific ation  is commercially available, can yield e ff ectiv ely  zero f alse-positiv e
r ec ognitions,  and low f alse-neg ativ e  failures (approximately 1% to 2% of valid authentic ation  attemp ts
end with a failure to recognize the speaker).
Voice print verific ation  is not related to voice rec ognition  technology – the former identifies  a speaker,
while the latter  attemp ts  to "understand" what was said. Voice print verific ation  is reliable, fast and
independent of language, accent and the common cold.
Or g aniz ations  deploying voice print v erific ation  technology in their IVR infrastructure must acquire voice
samples from the entir e  user population.  Each voice print must be securely mapped to the particular
user’s user IDs in order to allow secure password reset. During r egis tr ation,  users are asked to speak one
or more phrases, so that their new response can be compared to their registered sample.
Once authentic a t ed,  callers may request secure oper ations,  including a password reset. The IVR system
uses Bravura Pass  to select a strong password for the caller, and to reset the password on all of the user’s
accounts to the new selected value.
Registering voice prints
You can use Bravura Pass  to facilitate an automated, reliable, secure and e ff ectiv e  process to:
▪Prompt users to register voice prints.▪
▪ Authentic a t e  users prior to r egis tr ation. ▪
▪Map users’ voice prints to their system IDs.▪
▪Enable the IVR system to securely capture their voice prints.▪You can use Bravura Pass ’s Generate voice print enrollment PIN  (PSI) module to reliably register voice print
samples for all users. You can use this facility for new IVR deployments or for new users on e xisting
systems.
Without Bravura Pass , IVR users are commonly provided with a short PIN via email, and are required to
key in the PIN when they fir s t register with the IVR system. This presents a security weakness: PINs are
short, guessable, and sent via an insecure media (email).
Bravura Pass ’s Generate voice print enrollment PIN  (PSI) module streamlines and increases the security of
the r egis tr ation  process by requiring users to authentic a t e  to receive a longer PIN that is only good for a
single use, and expires after  a de finable  period.
A user registers in the following way:
1.The user logs into Bravura Pass  and navigates to the Generate voice print enrollment PIN page. 1.
2.Bravura Pass  generates a random PIN and displays it to the user. The PIN is good for only one use and 2.
expires after  a de fined  number of seconds.
If c on figur ed,  Bravura Pass  displays additional  in f ormation  and na vig ation  steps for the phone
r egis tr ation  system.
3.The user calls the IVR system, follows the voice prompts, enters the PIN, and registers their voice3.
print.
The Generate voice print enrollment PIN  (PSI) module is disabled by default. You must enable it to allow
users to access this feature.
To c on figur e  IVR r egis tr ation:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Generate voice print enrollment PIN  (PSI) . 1.
2.Turn on the PSI ENABLED setting. 2.
3. Con figur e  the variables described in the table below as required. 3.
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
IVR r egis tr ation  options
Option Description
PSI RANDOM DIGITS The number of random digits to follow the 2 digit idpm server number in
generated PINs. This value must be between 4 and 14. The default value
is 4. (required)
PSI RANDOM EXPIRY The time  (in seconds) before the random number generated is expired.
The default value is 600.
Implemen t ation  Options
Self-service password reset, self-service RSA SecurID token management and automated r egis tr ation  of
biometric voice print samples can all be implemented by in t egr ating  Bravura Pass  with an IVR system.
Bravura Pass  licensees may choose to purchase a dedicated IVR system from Bravura Security, specific ally
for these applic ations,  or to extend an e xisting  IVR system to include new call logic. In t egr ation  isavailable for every kind of e xisting  IVR system, through multiple  language and platform  bindings of a
powerful Bravura Pass  API.
User identific ation  can be implemented using speech-to-text technology, or user input of unique numeric
identifier s  or numeric-mapped network login IDs.
User authentic ation  can be implemented using either text prompts for personal in f ormation,  followed by
touch-tone input of responses, or using biometric voice print v erific ation  technology.
System in t egr ation  for a telephony-enabled password management system can range from one or two
days of e ff ort  to activ a t e  a turn-key, touch-tone enabled IVR system up to two or three weeks to extend
an e xisting  biometric system.
Buying a new IVR system vs. extending an e xisting  system
Bravura Security off er s  two options  to customers who wish to enable telephone access to Bravura Pass :
1.Purchase a turn-key IVR system, designed specific ally  for authentic ating  callers and providing self- 1.
service password resets, from Bravura Security.
Turn-key system options  are described in Turn-key IVR options  off er ed  by Bravura Security  (on page
1643).
If an e xisting  Aut omatic  Call Dir ection  (ACD) system is in place, then it must be c on figur ed  to forward
relevant calls to the Bravura Pass  IVR system.
2.Extend the e xisting  IVR system to provide front end password reset functionality  (and pot entially , 2.
biometric voice print authentic ation)  using Bravura Pass  as a "back end" to provide user
authentic ation  and general password management services.
In this case, the call flo w  logic on the e xisting  IVR system is modified  to prompt the user for
identific ation  and authentic ation  in f ormation.  The IVR is programmed to verify user authentic ation  by
calling either:
a.Bravura Pass  (if using keypad PIN authentic ation),  or a.
b.an external voice print biometric system (if using voice prints) implemented by the customer (eg.b.
Nuance, Speechworks).
Once the IVR has authentic a t ed  the user, it can make calls to the Bravura Pass  server to request
various password reset services.
Bravura Pass  can be integrated with almost any e xisting  IVR system, as described in the Connector
Pack Documen t ation .
The softw ar e  required to integrate Bravura Pass  with any e xisting  IVR system is included at no
additional  charge. P articular  IVR systems may also require softw ar e  extensions as available from
the IVR vendor; for example, XML over HTTPS.
Turn-key IVR options  off er ed  by Bravura Security
Bravura Security off er s  a turn-key IVR option,  Phone Password Manager , which uses touch-tone caller
authentic ation,  and leverages the Web-based Bravura Pass  r egis tr ation  process to build user pr ofiles  for
numeric security question  authentic ation.  This solution  is tigh tly  integrated with Bravura Pass , using the
secure API described in Phone Password Manager  (on page 1742).Bravura Pass  has an open interface specific ation,  which allows other IVR biometric voice print
authentic ation  systems, such as Vocent, to leverage Bravura Pass  for general enterprise password
management.
See Phone Password Manager  (on page 1742) to learn how to set up Bravura Pass  to work with the Phone
Password Manager  and voice print authentic ation  systems such as Vocent.
Leveraging an e xisting  authentic ation  process
Or g aniz ations  with an e xisting  IVR system may choose to c ontinue  to use an e xisting  caller authentic ation
process, or to strengthen it prior to activ ating  self-service password reset.
The e xisting  identific ation  and authentic ation  process may have to be replaced because it is not secure
enough and would weaken password security if it enables self-service password reset.
Managing RSA SecurID tokens from a telephone
Users who log into the network, or a remote access service, using a hardware token (most likely an RSA
SecurID token) may experience problems and require service.
Possible SecurID token problems include users f or g etting  their PINs, losing their tokens, or users whose
token clocks have drifted  signific an tly  away from the time  reference on the RSA Authentic ation  Manager
server.
These users may require service before accessing the network, so a telephony solution  is desirable.
Password resets from a telephone
Allowing users who have experienced a password problem to access self-service from a telephone to
resolve their own problem is advantageous for several reasons:
▪It allows users who forgot their initial  network login password to resolve their own problem without ▪
any special measure to make this available from the w ork s t ation  login prompt.
▪It allows users who forgot their remote access (RAS or VPN) password to access self-service problem▪
r esolution  without fir s t c onnecting  to the network.
▪It encourages the use of self-service password reset in or g aniz ations  where users are accustomed to ▪
g etting  service primarily with a telephone.
Since user authentic ation,  password g ener ation  and password resets are all processed by the Bravura
Pass  server, the process aut omatic ally  bene fits  from Bravura Pass ’s auto discovery process, user pr ofiles,
password policy engine, email in t egr ation  and call tracking system in t egr ation.
Enabling password resets from a telephone
To enable IVR users to authentic a t e  and reset their own f or g otten  or locked-out passwords from a
telephone:
1.Set up the appropriate authentic ation  method for your IVR system: 1.▪If your IVR system uses voice print authentic ation  to identif y  users, enable the Generate voice print ▪
enrollment PIN  (PSI) module.
Users log into the Generate voice print enrollment PIN  (PSI) module to obtain a temporary PIN,
allowing them to securely register biometric voice samples.
See Registering voice prints  (on page 1641).
▪If your IVR system uses touch-tone authentic ation,  c on figur e  an IVR question  se (on page 1640)t. ▪
Users log into the Update security questions  (psq) module to register security question  in f ormation
that is used by the IVR system to authentic a t e  users.
2.Enable and start the idapi  service on the Bravura Pass  server: 2.
a.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Services , then select the Bravura Security (idapi) API a.
Service .
b.Select Enable the service . b.
c.Select Start the service . c.
3.Integrate your system with Bravura Pass  using the Password Manager Remote API. 3.
4.Encourage users to register to use the IVR system, either by submitting  a voice sample or by answering 4.
questions  in the IVR question  set.
See Enforced enrollment  (on page 1183) to learn how to prompt and enforce user r egis tr ation.
See also:
▪The Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf ) guide includes c on figur ation  details for c onnecting  to ▪
the Bravura Security Fabric  api.
▪Phone Password Manager  (on page 1742) details Bravura Security’s integrated Bravura Pass /IVR ▪
solution  — Phone Password Manager .
Self Service Anywhere: Encrypted systems accounts
Users with access to Bravura Pass ’s web interface can recover an encrypted system through the Unlock
encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) module.
If they have f or g otten  their password, they can access Bravura Security Fabric  using another form of
authentic ation.  This can be another password on a trusted system, security questions,  a hardware token
(for example, SecurID, SafeWord), or some other means.
Once logged in, the user clicks Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  to access the Unlock encrypted systems/
accounts  (HDD) module, which will provide them with ins tructions  on how to acquire a challenge code for
the system, if required. The relevant connector will use this challenge code to generate a response code
that can be used to unlock the encrypted device.
Once users have regained access to the locked system, it is recommended that they change the
encr yption  key, if this functionality  is not already provided through the Bravura Security Fabric .
Hard drive encr yption  system connectors  use a default inputmask for its challenge and response codes.
These connectors include McAfee Drive Encr yption  (agtmcee6 ), Sophos Safeguard Enterprise Server
(agtsge ), Bitlocker Hard Drive Encr yption  (agtbitlocker ), Micr osoft  BitLocker Adminis tr ation  andMonitoring ( agtmbam ), Check Point Endpoint Security ( agtchkpt ), and PGP Whole Disk Encr yption
Platform  (agtpgwde ).
Generally, the code format will be structured in the same way as displayed in the pre-boot screen of the
hard drive encr yption  system.
To c on figur e  options  for the Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) . 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in the table below as required. 2.
3.Click Update to submit the changes. 3.
Modules > Unlock encrypted systems/accounts HDD options
Options Description
HDD CHALLENGE FORMAT Specify a format for the challenge code string.
See Overriding the string format for challenge/response codes  (on page
1646) for more in f ormation
HDD ENABLED Enable/disable the HDD module.This is enabled by default.
HDD RESPONSE FORMAT Specify a format for the response code string.
See Overriding the string format for challenge/response codes  (on page
1646) for more in f ormation
Overriding the string format for challenge/response codes
You can override a challenge/response code string format to fine-tune  how the challenge and response
codes will be presented to the user.
Challenge code string formats are de fined  using HDD CHALLENGE FORMAT , and response code string
formats are de fined  using HDD RESPONSE FORMAT .
To override a challenge code string format:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) . 1.
2. De fine  a challenge code string format for HDD CHALLENGE FORMAT . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
To override a response code string format:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD ). 1.
2. De fine  a response code string format for HDD RESPONSE FORMAT . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
If you choose to manually define  a challenge or response code string format, it will be presented the
same way for all hard drive encr yption  systems.
Special f ormatting  characters are used to determine what the expected input/output will be. These
characters are:▪9 - Any numeric character.▪
▪a - Any alphabetic  character. ▪
▪* - Any alphanumeric character.▪
▪A - Any alphabetic  character. The character will be converted to uppercase. ▪
▪& - Any alphanumeric character. All alphabetic  characters will be converted to uppercase. ▪
▪n - Adds a new line. This is only supported in HDD RESPONSE FORMAT . ▪
Other characters are used to de fine  optional  characters or limit the number of characters a string can
have:
▪[ ]  - Any characters enclosed in square brackets will be treated as optional  characters. This can only ▪
be de fined  once per challenge or response code, and at the end of a format string.
▪_{m,n}  - A boundary c ondition  in which the recovery string contains a variable number of ▪
characters. This can only be de fined  once per challenge or response code, and at the end of a format
string.
_ denotes the special f ormatting  character, m denotes the minimum number of characters that can be
entered, and n denotes the maximum number of characters that can be entered.
All other characters will be treated as literals, with the e x ception  of lower-case d, hms , and y.
Examples
1.To set a fix ed  string format for challenge codes, c onsisting  of 20 numeric characters grouped in 4, and 1.
separated with spaces:
HDD CHALLENGE FORMAT = 9999 9999 9999 9999 9999 
An accepted challenge code would be:
2356 7217 2340 3992 6671 
2.To limit user input to 10-20 alphanumeric characters:2.
HDD CHALLENGE FORMAT = *{10,20}
An accepted challenge code would be:
a6S8k7H6f1J1b2 
3.To provide additional  input for an optional  5 characters to a fix ed  string format for challenge codes, 3.
c onsisting  of 20 alphanumeric characters with alphabetic  characters converted to upper case, grouped
in 5 and separated with spaces:  
HDD CHALLENGE FORMAT = &&&&& &&&&& &&&&& &&&&& [&&&&&] 
Accepted challenge codes would be:
6S9C1 7N6K2 T0I4W 9M3Q1 2Y6C5
or
7H2H5 J1R2I 2G2AI 6H4CS 
4.To set a fix ed  string format for response codes, c onsisting  of 30 alphanumeric characters with 4.
alphabetic  characters converted to upper case, grouped in 5, and separated with spaces:  HDD RESPONSE FORMAT = &&&&& &&&&& &&&&& &&&&& &&&&& &&&&&  
An accepted response code would be presented as:
 A6S8S 9S7U6 Y6C4U 5H7Y7 T5S6G 3Z2SB  
5.To add a line to a response code, using the previous example:  5.
HDD RESPONSE FORMAT = &&&&& &&&&& &&&&&n &&&&& &&&&& &&&&&  
An accepted response code would be presented as:
A6S8S 9S7U6 Y6C4U 
5H7Y7 T5S6G 3Z2SB  
6.To provision between 1-5 numeric characters at the end of a response code:  6.
HDD RESPONSE FORMAT = 99999 99999 99999{1,5}  
Accepted response codes would be:
23499 63724 60761 
or
45789 23476 98892342  
See also:
▪For in f ormation  about in t egr ating  with hard drive encr yption  systems, see Hard Drive Encr yption ▪
Systems  in the Connector Pack documen t ation .
Self Service Anywhere: Smart Card PIN Reset
Bravura Pass  allows users to access a self-service web portal from anywhere, including from the locked
out login screen of their laptop, even away from the office  (even using WiFi, as described earlier). Once a
user signs into the self-service portal, Bravura Pass  can download an Activ eX  component to the user’s
web browser, to communicate with the smart card and reset the f or g otten  PIN. Bravura Pass  can also be
used to assign a user a temporary login password (often  a very long and random one) to be used in the
event that a user left his smart card at home.
Con figur e  the smart card PIN reset plugin
The scpinplugin program works with the Activ eX  control HISCPINToolAX .ocx to reset
SmartCard PINs. PIN strength checking can be done by checking the c ombinations  of rules specified  in a
c on figur ation  file and the Bravura Pass  password policy.
HISCPINToolAX.ocx  is shipped with Bravura Security Fabric  in the \<instance>\wwwdocs\ directory.
This ocx is installed on the user’s machine when the browser loads the page which using the ocx for the
fir s t time.
You can customize the user interface text in the plugin-scpinmanage.m4  file. You can also modify
Activ eX ’ s  result message in the RESULT_MESSAGES section  of this m4 file. See CUSTOMIZATION  (on page
3471) for more in f ormation.
RequirementsThe scpinplugin requires a c on figur ation  file to specify PIN strength rules. They can be used in
c ombination  with Bravura Security Fabric  password policy when the Password Manager service ( idpm ) is
installed and c on figur ed.
The following sample file, scpinplugin.cfg  is included in the samples\ directory.
#KVGROUP-V2.0
config "scpincgiplugin" = {
  Hosts = {
    "AD" = {
      CLASSID = "clsid:be43e0e9-9d20-4f53-a5ee-4043fd10e1c9";
      CODEBASE = "HISCPINToolAX.ocx#version=1,0,0,1";
      CLASSID_X64 = "clsid:be43e0e9-9d20-4f53-a5ee-4043fd10e1c9";
      CODEBASE_X64 = "x64/HISCPINToolAX.ocx#version=1,0,0,1";
      TITLE = "Bravura Pass Smartcard";
      SEARCHDESC = "Please Insert Bravura Pass Smartcard";
      CARDNAME = "Bravura Security Smartcard|Raak Technologies C2-40";
      UILEVEL = 0;
      EXTINIT = "";
      EXTCHANGEPIN = "";
      EXTRESETPIN = "";
      EXTRESPONSE = "3des.exe -e \"%USERID%\" \"%HOSTID%\" \"%OLDPIN%
\" \"%NEWPIN%\"";
      PushPassTimeOut = "60";
      PINManagementUITag = "SCPIN_BUTTONS_HTML";
      PINStrength = {
        AcceptRegExp = "^[0-9a-zA-Z]. ⋆$";
        RejectRegExp = "";
        TargetId = "AD-SMARTCARD";
        };
      };
    };
  };
};
Where:
▪If the c on figur ation  file does not contain PINStrength, the PIN strength test is bypassed; ▪
scpinplugin.exe  accepts any PIN, but the SmartCard Activ eX  may be failed by an invalid PIN.
▪If AcceptRegExp is empty or does not exist, any input is accepted. If there are more then one▪
AcceptRegExp, a PIN passes the strength test if it matches any one of them.
▪If RejectRegExp is empty or does not exist, any input is accepted. If there are more then one▪
RejectRegExp, the PIN is rejected if it matches any one of them.▪If TargetId is not empty, the strength test also has to be passed on the Bravura Pass  server by calling ▪
the Password Manager service.
▪The external program de fined  by EXTRESPONSE supplies the SmartCard response string (stdout) to the ▪
challenge question  (stdout). The SmartCard vendor should supply or c on figur e  this binary.
For security reasons, any time  the external program is used to calculate challenge/response for PIN
resets, the event is logged.
The Password Manager service must be running on the Bravura Pass  server in order for resets to
succeed.
Usage
The scpinplugin CGI plugin is run by the:
▪Help users  (IDA) module when c on figur ed  by the A RESET EXT plugin point ▪
▪Change passwords  (PSS) module when c on figur ed  by the S CHANGE EXT plugin point ▪
See Providing HTML to the Change passwords pages  (on page 1150) for more in f ormation  about these
plugin points.
T r oubleshooting
Activ eX  controls
Current Activ eX  controls only execute using the 32-bit version of Internet Explorer. The card provider
must have the 32-bit drivers installed on the w ork s t ation  in order to perform the PIN change or PIN reset.
 
404 error during DLL download
If an HTML 404 error appears when trying to directly download the ocx from http(s)://<ser v er>/<virtual
directory>/docs/HISCPINToolAX.ocx, then verify that there are no mappings for ocx extensions, such as
ISAPI filt er s  on IIS. If a mapping exists, it can be removed from the docs folder.
Using target ID to check PIN strength
If you are using target ID to check PIN strength, then you must c on figur e  Password Manager service to
accept requests from the localhost (127.0.0.1).
To do this:
1.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Services > Bravura Security (idpm) Password Manager 1.
Service .
2. Con figur e  the value for Comma-delimited list of IP addresses with CIDR bitmask  (on page 2822) that 2.
are allowed to send socket requests.