3.Click Add new… 3.
4.Enter values as follows:4.
▪ID SECURITY_LEVEL ▪
▪ Description  Group security level ▪
▪Type  String ▪
▪Minimum required number of values  0 ▪
▪Maximum allowed number of values  1 ▪5.Click Add. 5.
6.Click the Restricted values  tab and add the following: 6.
a.Actual value  1 and Displayed value  Security Level 1 , then click More . a.
b.Actual value  2 and Displayed value  Security Level 2 , then click More  again. b.
c.Actual valu e 3 and Displayed value  Security Level 3 . c.
d.Click Update . d.
Set attribut e  access controls
To set access controls for the new attribut e,  add it to an attribut e  group:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 1.2.Select GROUP_INFO_UPDATE.2.
This is a built-in resource attribut e  group that is included in the _GROUP_UPDATE_ATTRS pr e-de fined
request. Attribut es  that are members of this group can be updated by group owners.3.Click the Members  tab. 3.
4.Click Select… . 4.
5.Select the checkbox for the SECURITY_LEVEL attribut e  you added above, then click Select . 5.6.Click the Display criteria  tab. 6.
7.Set the Display type  to "Main". 7.
This will display the Group security level  field  on the main page of the Update attribut es  pr e-de fined
request.
8.Click Update . 8.
Now the SECURITY_LEVEL attribut e  will be available for editing  by group owners.
Map SECURITY_LEVEL attribut e  to an Activ e  Directory group attribut e
We will now map this resource attribut e  to the Activ e  Directory "info" group attribut e.  The "info" group
attribut e  displays in the "notes" field  in Activ e  Directory Users and Computers (ADUC). This way, when we
view a group via ADUC, we can read the notes and see what security level the group is.
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Group attribut es  > Target system . 1.
2.Select the Corporate AD target.2.
3.Click Add new... . 3.
4.Enter the following in f ormation: 4.
▪ID info ▪
▪Map group attribut e  to resource attribut e  SECURITY_LEVEL ▪
▪Load attribut e  values from target system  selected ▪
▪Populate mapped resource attribut e  with values from target system  selected ▪
5.Leave all other settings  as default. 5.