Part I HOME
Bravura Security Fabric  12.6
This site provides an overview of the entir e  Bravura Security Fabric , as well as important in f ormation
about how to install and c on figur e  licensed Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e  products.
This content on this site covers releases from v12.6.0. There are minor feature improvements between
patch releases, as noted in the release notes  (on page 17) and in relevant topics. The content is relevant
to older major releases of Bravura Security Fabric ; however be aware there may be some v ariation.
Bravura Security, Inc was formerly known as Hitachi ID Systems. The company was acquired by Volaris
Group in September 2022 to accelerate its ability to solve fragmented and risk - filled  identity  experiences
for our customers. Bravura Security Fabric  12.5 is the fir s t major release to carry the Bravura Security
branding. In your version of Bravura Security Fabric  you may still see names of binaries, directories, and
other objects that r e flect  Hitachi ID nomenclature. Parts of the documen t ation,  including screenshots
and code samples, may also temporarily use the old name.
Related documen t ation  sites
The following sites are supplementary to this site:
▪Connector Pack Documen t ation  - how to install Connector Pack, and integrate with various target ▪
systems. This site also includes reference in f ormation  on Connector Pack tools and scripting.
▪Mainframe Connector  - how to install and c on figur e  Mainframe Connector . ▪
▪End Users Documen t ation  - how to use Bravura Security Fabric  as a self-service or help desk user. ▪
▪Bravura Safe Documen t ation  - how to c on figur e  and use Bravura Safe for personal and team password ▪
management.
▪Upgrade and Migr ation  - when and how to upgrade or migrate Bravura Security Fabric  instances. This ▪
site also includes reference in f ormation  on upgrade and migr ation  tools.
▪ R eplic ation  and recovery  - detailed in f ormation  about Bravura Security Fabric  file and data r eplic ation, ▪
and how to recover from server failures.
▪REST API  - reference documen t ation  for the REST API for Bravura Security Fabric  12.6.x, supporting ▪
OpenID Connect, Privilege, and SCIM endpoints.
▪Glossary  - Bravura Security terminology. ▪
Additional  resources
Additional  in f ormation  may be found in printable documents  (on page 16), which are referenced
throughout this site. You can also access the documents from the Resources widget to the right of the
content.
Other Bravura Security Fabric  versions
See the documen t ation  site for Bravura Security Fabric  release: 12.5 , 12.4 , 12.3 , 12.2 .Visit the portal  for documen t ation  for versions of Bravura Security Fabric  older than 12.2.Part II ABOUT1 About this site
What you can find on this site
This site is organized as follows:
ABOUT  (on page 13) Provides in f ormation  about what is on this site, what
topics are available as printable PDFs.
Release notes highlight what is new and updated in
Bravura Security Fabric .
INSTALLATION  (on page 168) Explains the requirements and procedures for installing
Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e.
INSTALLATION > Components  (on page 312) Explains the component framework, patterns  and
scenarios, and how to install and manage components.
GETTING STARTED  (on page 351) Shows Bravura Security Fabric  administrators how to use
the Manage the system (PSA) module GUI to c on figur e
Bravura Security Fabric .
Allows project managers and Bravura Security Fabric
administrators to plan implemen t ation  of key features,
and maps essential  steps to chapters in the document.
BASE CONFIGURATION > Notific ation  (on page 411) Learn how to c on figur e  notific ations  for administrators
and end-users.
Learn how to set up web and batch notific ations  for
password expiry, compliance, and other use cases.
BASE CONFIGURATION > Resources  (on page 479) These chapters correspond to the Resources menu in
Bravura Security Fabric . Read these chapters to learn
how to c on figur e  target systems, users, and groups.
BASE CONFIGURATION > User Groups and Rules  (on
page 670)Learn how to control user access to resources and
w orkflo w .
BASE CONFIGURATION > Login Process  (on page 819) Learn how to c on figur e  authentic ation  policy and
authentic ation  chains.
BASE CONFIGURATION > W orkflo w  and Modules  (on
page 1263)Learn how to c on figur e  w orkflo w  objects to enable users
to de fine  access change requests. Learn how to c on figur e
the behavior of web features.
BASE CONFIGURATION > Mobile Access  (on page 1444) Learn how to set up Bravura One  to provide mobile
access for Bravura Security Fabric .
Searching on this site
This site includes a simple but powerful search engine.
Results are ranked by the number of times  a search term occurs in a title or topic content. Searches for
multiple  terms are also supported. If a document matches at least one of the search terms, it will show in
the results. The search terms are combined with OR. Topics that contain all terms will score more highly
and will be returned fir s t.You can save searches then use them again from the Saves searches  widget to the right of the content.
Na vig ating  this site
You can browse content using the top na vig ation  bar, the Table of Contents (TOC) on the left, or the
What's in this section  widget to the right of the content.
You can hide any of these panels and widgets using the c on figur ation  menu. Click on the cog symbol 
on the top right of the page.
Sharing and saving pages
Use the v ertic al  ellipsis icon 
  to the right of a topic title to share or save pages.
Saved pages can be accessed via the My Favorite Pages  widget to the right of the content.
Con v entions
This site uses the  following c on v entions:
This in f ormation  … displayed in …
Variable text (sub stitut ed  for your own text) <angle brackets>
Non-text keystrokes – for example, [Enter]  key on
a keyboard[brackets]
Bravura Security program and file names Bold monospace font
Terms unique to Bravura Security Fabric italics
Button  names, text fields,  and menu items boldface
User interface web pages (headers) italics
Literal text, as typed into c on figur ation  files,  batch
files,  command prompts, and data entry fieldsmonospace font
Feedback and help
If you have feedback about this site or wish to report an omission or error, please contact
doc@bravurasecurity.com .If you require technical assistance with Bravura Security Fabric , contact  support@bravurasecurity.com .
Printable documents
Manuals
These reference manuals are supplementary to this site.
PSLang
The “PSLang Reference Manual” ( pslang.pdf ) describes the PSLang language developed by Bravura
Security. Use this manual when writing  scripts to customize various parts of Bravura Security Fabric .
API
The Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf ) guide provides a detailed overview of theSOAP API as
well as a complete function  reference.
Personal Vault Quick Start
Bravura Pass  Personal Vault ( personal-vault.pdf ) describes how to set up and use the Personal Vault. This
guide applies to Bravura Pass  licenses. This feature will be deprecated in a future release.2 Release notes
Bravura Security Fabric 12.6.0
Deprecated features
▪ St arting  in 12.6.0, as Internet Explorer is no longer supported, Activ eX  controls are no longer officially ▪
supported. They will still be shipped, but will not be loaded on any web page. They can still be
installed on client w ork s t ations,  where nativ e  extensions skip the download and use the installed.
Use Guacamole controls and Secure browser/webapp in place of Activ eX  controls.
▪Removed installers for Activ eX  local reset extensions ▪
▪Removed old Internet Explorer 11 specific  styles and JavaScirpt. ▪
▪Added unsupported browser redirect when the product is accessed with Internet Explorer 11.▪
▪Bravura Security Login Manager has been disc ontinued  and is no longer supported. ▪
▪Removed deprecated SOAP WCF-based binaries.▪
▪Mac OS support for Login Assistant / Self Service Anywhere is now deprecated.▪
Features and improvements
Bravura Pass
▪Updated Password Change Notific ation  Module installer, so the LONGID installer variable can be used ▪
on the command line to c on figur e  the setting  "Long ID format to send to Password Manager service".
Bravura Privilege
▪Added filt er  to hide invalid accounts from PAACCESS. . ▪
▪Secure browser has been updated to make use of WebView2 which is based on Micr osoft  Edge ▪
http s://learn.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/micr osoft-edg e/w eb vie w2/ .
Server hardening
▪The shipped Content-Security-Policy was hardened to remove wildcards.▪
▪One wildcard on connect-src  that must be hardened after  installing and setting  up r eplic ation  and ▪
load balancers. See Content-Security-Policy (CSP)  (on page 307).
▪img-src  defaults to self  which means only images served by the instance can be loaded. ▪
Customers that use an external directory for pr ofile  picture URLs must whitelist the external directory
for images to load.
▪The Recaptcha component has been updated to use the recaptcha.net URL instead of google.com;▪
Check that this component was upgraded successfully.
Proxy servers
▪Added proxy tunnel client functionality  to use HTTPS-based approach to connect to proxy servers and ▪
avoid opening inbound TCP ports.Auto discovery
▪Updated auto discovery, so Source of Pr ofile  target accounts that don't produce pr ofiles  can still auto- ▪
associate to other pr ofiles.
Resource and group attribut es
▪ Con figur ations  for boolean account and group attribut es  now include settings  for specifying the values ▪
r epr esenting  "true" and "false" on the target system.
Components
▪Updated the version of the sqlite3 dll to 3.41.2▪
IDMLib (Python)
▪Removed explicit schema name from models generated by peewee_iddb.▪
▪Added support for Python 3.11 for Bravura Security Fabric . ▪
Upgrade / migr ation
▪Added the upgradetest utility  with the shipped ins t allation  files to check for pot ential  issues prior ▪
to upgrading the database.
▪Updated migratedata to support migr ating  manual associations  of accounts to pr ofiles  (- ▪
manual_assoc).
▪Updated migratedata to support migr ating  pr ofile  role memberships. Only memberships with ▪
valid pr ofiles  can be migrated, and memberships to deprecated and non-assignable roles can be
filt er ed  out (-rolembrs).
Notific ation
▪Moved PSN "user becomes compliant" message to be displayed in the Front-end  (PSF). ▪
▪ Modified  auto discovery error email to keep the text f ormatting  even when system variable ▪
MAIL_CONTENT_TYPE is enabled (Enable HTML mail content).
▪Added support to send out IDTM failure notific ation  emails to requester, recipient and the authorizers ▪
when oper ation  fails to implement after  the second try, so interested parties  can be more responsive
to address the issue.
User interface
▪Reduce loading time  of pr ofile  page when a user has many entitlemen t  attribut es. ▪
▪Upgrade Angular to 15.2.9 (and all NPM dependencies).▪
Utilities
▪Enhanced the iddbadm  (on page 3545) utility  to be to swap between SQL and Windows ▪
authentic ation.
▪Added the ATTR_AUTO_PROPAGATE_THRESHOLD  to control whether requests should be submitted ▪
at all if the number of requests exceeds the threshold when running idtrack  (on page 2431) .
Bravura Security Fabric  sends an email to the product administrator. ▪Added the AUTO_ASSIGNMENT_THRESHOLD  to control whether requests should be submitted  at all ▪
if the number of requests exceeds the threshold when running autores  (on page 3618) .Bravura
Security Fabric  sends an email to the product administrator. 
▪ Modified  migratedata  utility  to add support for "user attr_file". ▪
▪Added a limited node s ynchr oniz ation  checking utility ,  limitedsynccheck  (on page 3547). ▪
Client tools
▪Added client tools support for Windows 11.▪
T r ansaction  monitor
▪ Modified  account/group attribut e  override page to warn if both values are set and mapped account/ ▪
group attribut e  to pr ofile/r eques t/r esour ce  attribut e  are c on figur ed.
▪ Modified  T r ansaction  Monitor Service ( idtm ) when determining the attribut e  values passed to the ▪
agent on account update, requested pr ofile  attribut e  values precedes literal values.
R eplic ation
▪Changed file r eplic ation  to skip log-level overrides for specific  modules (such as via psdebug.exe). ▪
These overrides are now node-specific.
▪Added *.pyc files to the hardcoded file r eplic ation  blacklist. ▪
API
▪Added idmconfig support for policy retrieval and update. ▪
▪Default authoriz ation  policies have been added for many REST API endpoints. Endpoints which don't ▪
have a specific  policy yet will use the 'generic_policy' policy. Default policies and their mappings can
be found in the REST API Postman documen t ation.  Alt ernativ ely ,  policy mappings can be viewed on
the Manage the system > Policies > REST API authoriz ation  policies  (on page 3469) page, where you
can also download the current policy or reset modified  policies to their defaults.
▪Target namespace of IDAPI SOAP API has been updated to www.bravurasecurity.com.▪
Resolved issues
Ins t allation
▪Instance pr e-ins t allation  check "IIS Web Server Module Con flict  check" warns if IIS module "Web ▪
Distributed Authoring and Versioning" (WebDAVModule) is installed and suggests disabling it due to
pot ential  interference with REST API usage.
See Primary server requirements  (on page 197).
▪The installer for Phone Password Manager was fix ed  for an error that occurred during upgrades. ▪
▪Fixed a problem where minimal connector pack installs may not be able to list.▪
▪Fixed an error in pos t -ins t allation  in shared schema. ▪
▪Fixed all ins t allations  in shared schema to not change the RestApiKey on secondary nodes. ▪
▪Added ENCRESTAPIKEY to INF file for r eplic ation  and/or shared schema setups. ▪
▪ Modified  resetkey  utility  (on page 3577) to include option  to export RestApiKey into INF file. ▪Bravura Privilege
▪Archived accounts are hidden in the CREATE_PAMUTIL_API_USER pr e-de fined  request. ▪
▪In the Privileged Access app, for a da t e/da t etime  field,  the time z one  value is now displayed next to its ▪
label; before, it was displayed next to its widget which made it rendered nearly hidden.
▪Fixed password CICO expiry email to load the proper time  zone info for TIME variable. ▪
▪Improved performance in stored procedure PolicyRuleComputerDeploy.▪
▪Fixed checked-out data on sessdata on previously selected items▪
Bravura Pass
▪Adjusted netvalidatepwpol plugin to be able to directly check against Azure.▪
Authentic ation
▪Fixed invalid authchain select rule in Scenario.hid_authchain_saml_sp.▪
W orkflo w
▪Fixed request g ener ation  to include seqno's in reqinfo kvg for default attribut e  values. ▪
▪Ensured that OrgChart authorizer email only sends out to the related managers when request also has▪
non-org oper ations.
▪Fixed an issue with UPDT (account attribut e  update) request so that an empty value is set for the ▪
a ff ect ed  account attribut e  that is mapped to a pr ofile  attribut e  of user type, and there is no valid
account associated with the user pr ofileguid  (user attr  value) on the same target as the account to be
updated.
▪Fixed an issue in the requests app when w orkflo w  manager views a selected request which he/she ▪
doesn't have ACLs on the requested attribut es,  the wrong capacity is loaded, and when he/she clicks
on the hyperlink to view request details, requested attribut es  ACLs are not respected, and wfreq
plugin fails to run.
▪Fixed an issue so that multi- v alue  account attribut e  values are set properly when an implementer ▪
completes the account cr eation  tasks.
▪Account attribut e  values returned by agents on create/update will now flo w  through to mapped ▪
pr ofile  attribut es.
▪Fixed request details popup page to properly check the viewer's ACLs on the attribut es  instead of the ▪
request's requester's ACLs to determine if requested attribut es  should be loaded.
▪Added the request ID in f ormation  to the email plugin input. ▪
▪Request in f ormation  is saved to the session to avoid the lost of the oper ations  when the wfreq plugin ▪
fails.
▪ IDMCon fig  will not abort any more if there is an attemp t  to add a duplicate default value to an ▪
attribut e.  It will be logged as an warning instead.
▪Fixed a pot ential  runtime  error "Subquery returned more than 1 value..." in sproc ▪
BlackboardRuleGetBatch, which results in request being canceled.
▪Fixed an issue where ORGCHART_MANAGER attribut e  was updated with the manager's accountname ▪
(instead of manager's pr ofileguid)  for create/update attribut e  request.