To enable Bravura Privilege  to gather data from user interface elements during a session, c on figur e  the
following in the Recorded sessions  (on page 2033) options  tab:
Option Description
SMON RESTRICT SCOPE Ensure this is disabled to allow the user interface meta
data to be recorded.
See Con figuring  scope and display of monitoring  (on
page 2034) for more in f ormation  about this setting.
SMON UI COLLECT EDITABLE When the user interface module is enabled, collect
editable text data, such as in form and loc ation  bars.
SMON UI COLLECT SELECTABLE When the user interface module is enabled, collect text
from elements that are focused or clicked.
SMON UI COLLECT TITLES When the user interface module is enabled, collect the
titles  of windows that users work in.
SMON UI ENABLE Enables Bravura Privilege to capture text data from
user interface elements during a recorded session.
The in f ormation  is compiled into ui-editable-data.xml , ui-focusable-data.xml , and ui-
title-data.xml  files in the directory set by Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded session
management  session management ( smon ) > SMON TEXT STORAGE PATH .
Clipboard capture
The clipboard capture module collects copy/paste in f ormation  during a privileged session.
To enable Bravura Privilege  to capture clipboard data during a session, c on figur e  the following in the
Recorded sessions  (on page 2033) options  tab:
Option Description
SMON CLIPBOARD ENABLE Enables Bravura Privilege  to capture
clipboard data during recorded sessions.
The in f ormation  is compiled into a clipboard-data.xml file in the directory set by Manage the
system  > Modules  > Recorded session management  (smon ) > SMON TEXT STORAGE PATH .
Webcam capture
This is not c ompatible  with Guacamole access disclosure plugins.
To enable Bravura Privilege  to periodically capture still images from any attached  webcams during a
session,c on figur e  the following in the Recorded sessions  (on page 2033) options  tab:
Option Description
SMON WEBCAM CAPTURE
FREQUENCYFrequency in seconds that webcam snapshots should
be taken (Default once every 30 seconds).Option Description
SMON WEBCAM ENABLE Enables Bravura Privilege  to periodically capture
images from any attached  web cams during a
recorded session.
SMON WEBCAM ENABLE CIDR Enables the webcam module only if the w ork s t ation’ s
IP address falls within the specified  CIDR rule.
SMON WEBCAM ENABLE
DOMAINEnables the webcam module only if the w ork s t ation  is
a member of the specified  domain.
SMON WEBCAM MAX COUNT
PER ARCHIVEMaximum number of webcam images per archive file.
This must be a number between 1 and 65535.
The webcam images are stored in the directory path set by Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded
session management  session management ( smon ) > SMON WEBCAM STORAGE PATH .
See also: 
▪Session monitor app  (on page 1255) to learn how to set options  for the storage of recorded data, ▪
search engine controls, and other module behavior.
▪Session monitoring utilities  (on page 3620) for in f ormation  about session data processing utilities, ▪
including smonprocessmeta , smonsavemeta , and smonavi .
Recorded session access request options
You can control how users can access recorded sessions by setting  options,  globally or per policy. Some
options  can be overridden by the user when issuing their requests.
The following options  are located on the Recorded session access request  tab
To c on figur e  session monitoring options  click Manage the system > Privileged access > Options  to
c on figur e  global options,  or click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies >
<Policy> > Options  to c on figur e  policy-level options
▪Select the Recorded sessions tab to set options  for c on figuring: ▪
▪Scope and display of monitoring  (on page 2034) ▪
▪Session monitor c onnectivity  (on page 2035) ▪
▪Recorded session data c ollection  modules  (on page 2038) ▪
▪Select the Recorded session access request tab to set options  for c on figuring  recorded session access ▪
request options  (on page 2042).
To c on figur e  web module options  click Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded session management
management (smon) for:
▪Session monitoring activ ation  plugin  (on page 1255) ▪
▪File storage  (on page 1257) ▪
▪Search controls  (on page 1258) ▪
▪Video processing  (on page 1259) ▪▪Event triggers  (on page 1262), Event triggers  (on page 1540) ▪
:
Recorded session access request options
Option Description
SMON DEFAULT REQ PACKAGE LIFE The number of days before a generated package is
deleted. This value can be overridden per request.
The default value is 7.
SMON DEFAULT REQ PACKAGE LIFE
MAXThe maximum number of days a package will remain
available. The default value is 30.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
ACTIVE BEGINSearch for sessions activ e  s t arting  this number of
days r elativ e  to the day the request is issued, where a
neg ativ e  number represent days before the request is
issued and a positiv e  number represent days after
the request was issued. This value can be overridden
per request. The default value is -30.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
ACTIVE ENDSearch for sessions activ e  until  this number of days
r elativ e  to the day the request is issued, where a
neg ativ e  number represents days before the request
is issued and a positiv e  number represents days after
the request was issued. This value can be overridden
per request. The default value is 0.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
ACTIVE MAXThe maximum range (in days) of recorded sessions
the user will be able to search. The default is 200.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
BROWSER VIEW BEGINThe user can start viewing the recorded session this
number of days r elativ e  to the day the request is
issued. This value can be overridden per request. The
default value is 0.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
BROWSER VIEW ENDThe user can view the recorded session until  this
number of days r elativ e  to the day the request is
issued. This value can be overridden per request. The
default value is 7.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
BROWSER VIEW MAXThe maximum range (in days) a recorded session can
be viewed. The default is 31.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
SEARCH BEGINThe user can start searching this number of days
r elativ e  to the day the request is issued. This value
can be overridden per request. The default is 0.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
SEARCH ENDThe user can search until  this number of days r elativ e
to the day the request is issued. This value can be
overridden per request. The default is 7.
SMON DEFAULT REQ SESSION
SEARCH MAXThe maximum dur ation  (in days) the user will be able
to search. The default is 31.
 See also: ▪Session monitor app  (on page 1255) to learn how to set options  for the storage of recorded data, and ▪
other module behavior.
▪ Pr ofile  and Request Attribut es  (on page 1264) for in f ormation  about built-in attribut es  related to ▪
requests for recorded session data.
Cross-origin resource sharing for session recording
When an auditor or someone with appropriate privileges  (on page 726) requests a session recording
package, the package is stored in the SMON PACKAGE STORAGE PATH  (on page 1257) on the Bravura
Security Fabric  server where that auditor's WebUI session is running. When that created package is
downloaded during a WebUI session connected to other servers, Cross-origin resource sharing  (CORS)
must be c on figur ed  in order for the downloader's browser to allow retrieval of the compiled video or
recording archive. You c on figur e  CORS by listing  ALLOWED ORIGINS ( Manage the system> Maintenance>
System variables ). Enter a comma-separated list of node-specific  URLs of all the user-accessible nodes
(see example below).
CORS blocks the retrieval oper ation  -- the HTTP(s) request going to a diff er en t  server than the one where
the rest of the current WebUI is rendered. It is not required for search, nor for viewing recorded session
metadata that's loaded in the backend database tables after  the session is closed and processed by
smonprocessmeta .
The following is an example of the process in detail:
1.The auditor w anting  to request a package connects to the applic ation  URL. 1.
2.The load balancer sends them to one node (server1).2.
3.The user session is created on that node and a w ell-c on figur ed  load balancer keeps all HTTP requests 3.
from that session going to that same server1 node.
▪SMON HTTP URL  (on page 2035) can be c on figur ed  so that session monitoring files go to a ▪
dedicated applic ation  node, or via a separate load balancer, to a subset of dedicated nodes not
encumbered by aut omation  or by processing user sessions.
▪If that's not the case, and session recording is using the same load balancer that the users and▪
applic ation  administrators WebUI use, review the settings  (on page 295) required for the load
balancer to send all recorded remote session data to the same applic ation  node that is rendering
the user's WebUI session.
4.The auditor requests a session recording package.4.
5.The package is written  on that server at the SMON PACKAGE STORAGE PATH. 5.
The path has to be available on every node exactly the same, including the drive letter ,  even if the
actual storage loc ation  is diff er en t;  for example, diff er en t  directories of the same Network Attached
Storage (NAS) or Storage Area Network (SAN) can be mounted to the same loc ation  on every
applic ation  node:
▪SAN has directory server1\packages\ mapped as S:/privilege/packages/ on the node whose▪
hostname is server1.
▪The same SAN has directory server2\packages\ mapped as S:/privilege/packages/ on the node▪
whose hostname is server2.▪In this case SMON PACKAGE STORAGE PATH can be S:/privilege/packages /. ▪
6.When a downloader user connects from another w ork s t ation,  the load balancer can place their 6.
session on another node (server2) and keep it serving from there.
7.In order for the packages to be accessible for download from server2, the CORS setting  has to allow 7.
users' browsers to collect resources from the node-specific  URLs of all the user-accessible nodes.
In the case described above, that value would be:
https://server1.domain.com/,https://server2.domain.com/
Censoring recorded data
When Recorded session management  (smon) module is c ollecting  keystroke and clipboard data, users may
be required to enter personal data that should not be visible. You can restrict sensitiv e  data from being
shown by using Recorded data censorship rules . These rules use a regular expression that, when
satis fied,  will replace any data captured from keystrokes and clipboard with a series of r epeating
characters.
There are shipped 4 censorship rules:
▪CC – censors credit card numbers ▪
▪PASSWORD – censors passwords with at least 7 characters, mixed case, 3 letter s,  1 digit ▪
▪SIN – censors social insurance numbers ▪
▪SSN – censors social security numbers ▪
To add a new censorship rule:
▪Navigate to Manage the system > Privileged access > Recorded data censorship rules . ▪
▪Click Add new... button. ▪
▪ Con figur e  the following in f ormation: ▪
a.Provide a unique ID for the rule a.
b.Provide a Description  for the rule b.
c.Set a Regular expression for the types of strings to censor. c.
d. (Optional)  Set a character to censor the value in the Replace with field. d.
e.Select the Enabled checkbox. e.
▪Click Add. ▪
By default, the shipped censorship rules are enabled. You can modify these rules to not censor data by
deselecting  the Enabled checkbox.
After  a session has been captured, when users request and view the keystrokes and clipboard values of
the session, all instances where the censorship rules are applied to display the Replace with character.
For example, the SIN number 123-456-789 will be set to ###########. This process is done when
smonprocessmeta is run.In t egr ating  with Hitachi Content Platform  (HCP)
Bravura Security Fabric  can be integrated with the Hitachi Content Platform  object storage system to
store and retrieve video-based session monitoring data. Rather than keeping the data on the instance
server, Bravura Security Fabric  can archive it in the Hitachi Content Platform  using smonprocessmeta ,
and remove the data from the instance server’s local file system. When a user submits a request to view
a session, smonsavemeta  retrieves the data from the object storage system and generates the data for
download.
To integrate Bravura Security Fabric  with Hitachi Content Platform:
1.Ensure that either SMON SCREENSHOT ENABLE or SMON WEBCAM ENABLE is enabled. See 1.
Con figuring  recorded session data c ollection  modules  (on page 2038) for more in f ormation.
2.Add a new NULL target system for Hitachi Content Platform. 2.
3.Specify the address of the target system as  3.
{server=https://[namespace].
[tenant].hcp.hcpdomain.com;dir=[directory];} 
▪server is a URL to an Hitachi Content Platform  namespace to store the data. Ensure that this URL is ▪
resolvable from the SMON server.
▪dir is a directory under that namespace to store in f ormation  into. ▪
4.Specify the cr edentials  for the target system. This is the username and password of the tenant. 4.
5.Add the target ID of the Hitachi Content Platform  to Manage the system  > Modules > Session monitor 5.
> SMON HCP TARGET ID .
Use cases
This section  outlines use cases to demonstrate how session monitoring may be implemented.
Monitor access to a privileged applic ation  using BravuraPrivilege Auto-Connect Plugin
In this use case, Bravura Privilege  is activ ely  managing the cr edentials  for a privileged financial
applic ation  running on a Oracle server database normally only accessible by high-level employees in the
Finance department.
A problem has occurred on the system that requires in v estig ation  from an Oracle server administrator, in
order to diagnose the issue the Oracle server administrator requires system access. System access leaves
the sensitiv e  financial  in f ormation  vulnerable.
In order to ensure that any attemp ts  to view and/or copy the sensitiv e  in f ormation  are recorded the
company has deployed session monitoring for this resource.
The process flo w s  as follows:
1.Administrator checks-out access to Oracle System cr edentials. 1.
2.The command-line based auto-connect plugin is used to launch a SQLPlus session.2.
3.Session monitoring logic (embedded in the Activ eX)  begins as soon as the plugin is launched, no pr e- 3.
e xisting  client softw ar e  required.4.As the administrator does his work, keystrokes, copy-and-paste items, textual UI elements, and screen4.
captures are collected for the SQLPlus instance and sent to a central server.
5.The administrator finishes  his work and closes SQLPlus; the session monitoring terminates. 5.
Since all in f ormation  regarding the sessions activities  were recorded, it is possible for an auditor to view
the session to ensure that the administrator was not stealing in f ormation.
Rogue Administrator attemp ts  to tamper with session monitor
In this situation,  a rogue administrator who is aware of the fact that session monitoring is installed
attemp ts  to prevent recording in order to perform illicit activities:
1.The rogue administrator checks out cr edentials  to a sensitiv e  system in order to steal in f ormation. 1.
2.The administrator sets a proxy that routes all tr a ffic  bound to the session monitoring data c ollection 2.
server to ”/dev/null”.
3.The administrator uses the Bravura Privilege  terminal services auto-connect plugin to login to the 3.
system, this triggers session monitoring to begin.
4.Before launching the terminal-services c onnection,  the session monitor attemp ts  to contact the data 4.
c ollection  server. Since the server cannot be contacted the auto-connect plugin refuses to launch the
terminal services client.
5.The administrator’s e ff orts  are blocked, pr e v enting  access to the sensitiv e  resource. 5.
Auditor in v estig ating  security breach on monitored resource
In this situation,  a security breach has been detected on a protected resource. The security in v estig ation
team knows that the breach occurred over the past month, but a number of people have had access to
the server. The breach consisted of the release of three bank account numbers.
Because the resource was protected with session monitoring, the security in v estig ation  team track down
the source of the security breach:
1.The security in v estig a t or  logs into Bravura Privilege  and performs a request to search for monitored 1.
sessions.
2.The in v estig a t or  enters the time  frame and resource name into the search criteria. Since the account 2.
involved and suspect is unknown, these fields  are left blank.
3.The request to search is sent to the appropriate authorizers and they either approve or deny this3.
request.
4.Once approved, the in v estig a t or  uses the session monitoring interface to further narrow the search 4.
results. He searches for one of the bank account numbers using the available meta-data search
parameters.
5.This query returns two matching sessions for diff er en t  individuals. In order to see which of these 5.
individuals had malicious intent, the in v estig a t or  requests a video and full meta-data to be generated
for both sessions.
6.This request is sent to another set of authorizers for approval.6.7.Once approved, the video and meta-data are generated and an email with download details is sent to7.
the in v estig a t or .
8.Using the data, the in v estig a t or  is able to pinpoint the source of the security breach and appropriate 8.
action  can be taken against that individual.Applic ation  accounts
The runwithpass program allows you to securely download large cr edential  files,  as well as retrieve
privileged passwords from the Bravura Privilege  vault and use them to execute scripts and command-line
programs.
The pamutil shared library is a library that provides the same functionality  but is intended to be
invoked from locally compiled programs; that is, it allows a program to fetch a password on demand.
To use the program or library, you must:
1. Con figur e  product administrator access. 1.
2.Copy the program or library, and c on figur ation  files,  to the system on which you will run scripts or 2.
commands.
3.Edit the c on figur ation  file. 3.
Con figuring  access
To use this program, your OTP API user needs to have permissions to view the password:
1.Create a new product administrator ( Manage the system > Security > Access to product features ) 1.
with the "OTP IDAPI caller" privilege.
2.Create a privileged access user group ( Manage the system > Security > Privileged access to systems ). 2.
3.On the  Membership Criteria  tab, create a user class, or use an e xisting  one, that contains the 3.
administrator you created in Step 1.
4.Give the user group the permission "Pre-approve check-out of managed accounts" on the policy that4.
the password is managed under.
See Using a plugin to de fine  access to passwords  (on page 2049) for details on managing large numbers
of OTP API callers with limited permissions.
Using a plugin to de fine  access to passwords
You can de fine  a plugin that can be used to determine user access controls when viewing passwords
using pamutil . This plugin is c on figur ed  from Manage the system > Privileged access > Options
> General > Account access request > RES PWD ACL PLUGIN .
This plugin only applies to KMKeyGetByAccount and RecoverKeyByAccount API functions  and is intended
to simplify management of large numbers of OTP API callers with limited permissions. It determines
whether users will be able to retrieve the passwords of accounts directly.
The plugin point will receive a KVGroup in the following format:
   "" "" = {
      "userid" = "<ID of user calling the API function>";
      "managedaccount" = "<ID of managed account of the password being viewed>";
      "managedsystem" = "<ID of managed system of the managed account>";   }
It must return a KVGroup in the following format:
    "output" "plugin_passwordacl" = {
        "acl" "" = {
            "view" = "<permission>"
        }
        "retval" = "0"
    }
Where "<permission>"  can be either "allow" or "deny".
If "view"="allow" , the user will be granted access to view the password for this API call only,
bypassing all other access control checks. Likewise, if "view"="deny" , the user will be denied access,
bypassing all other access control checks.
It is acceptable to return a KVGroup with no view pair. In this case processing will c ontinue  as though
the plugin had not been called at all, and the user’s permissions will be determined based on their user
group memberships as usual.
Installing files
Copy the appropriate program or library, and c on figur ation  files,  to the system on which you will run
scripts or commands.
Windows systems
For deployment on Windows systems, the program, library and c on figur ation  files are located in zip files
in the util and utilx64  directories. Use the package appropriate for your system and needs:
▪pamutil(-x64).zip  which includes common files for deployment on Windows systems ▪
▪pamutil-devkit(x64).zip  which includes additional  files for developers writing  programs that ▪
link against pamutil
Unix/Linux systems
For deployment on Unix/Linux systems, use the dis tribution’ s  package manager to install the hid-
common, hid-idapi and hid-pamutil  packages found in the Unix/Linux *tar.gz archives in the <instance>
\addon\idmunix directory. Once the packages have been installed the program, library and c on figur ation
files are typically located in the /usr/local/psunix/ directory.
Bravura Security Fabric  includes binaries and library files for a variety of Unix and Linux variants. Contact
support@bravurasecurity.com  for additional  variants.
Install the following shared object libraries fir s t,  which are required by pamutil.
▪openssl – available from http://w w w .openssl.or g /  (version 1.1.x has been v erified  on supported ▪
platforms  )