  "" "" = {
  retval = "0"
    "notification" "1" = {
      "id" = "AUP1"
      "desc" = "AUP1"
      "severity" = "F"
      "maxrem" = "-1"
      "infomsg" = "AUP1"
      "link" = "PSNAUP"
      "status" = "R"
      "nreminders" = "0"
    }
    "notification" "3" = {
      "id" = "AUP3"
      "desc" = "AUP3"
      "severity" = "F"
      "maxrem" = "-1"
      "infomsg" = "AUP3"
      "link" = "PSNAUP"
      "status" = "R"
      "nreminders" = "0"
    }
    "notification" "2" = {
      "id" = "AUP4"
      "desc" = "AUP4"
      "severity" = "I"
      "maxrem" = "-1"
      "infomsg" = "AUP4"
      "link" = "PSNAUP"
      "status" = "R"
      "nreminders" = "0"
    }
  }
Note that:
▪Output has to contain a "retval" KV-pair.▪
▪KVGroup key has to be "notific ation"  precisely and cannot be changed. ▪
▪KVGroup names have embedded integers, r epr esenting  the order in which plugin has organized the ▪
notices.  St arting  from 0: "0" is the fir s t notice,  "1" is the second, and so on.
.Manage tokens (PSP)
Bravura Pass  allows users who have RSA SecurID Authentic a t or s  (tokens) to manage their tokens from a
web browser using the Manage tokens  (PSP) module, or a telephone using an integrated IVR system.
Specific ally ,  you can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to allow users to do any of the following:
▪Enable or disable their tokens▪
▪Clear their PIN▪
▪Set a new PIN▪
▪Request emergency access codes▪
▪Clear their previously-requested emergency access codes▪
▪Re-synchronize their token clock with the RSA Authentic ation  Server ▪
The Manage tokens  (PSP) module is disabled by default. You must enable it to allow users to access this
feature. Enabling this module also allows help desk user s to manage user tokens via the Help users  (IDA)
module, but you c on figur e  options  for that console separately.
To c on figur e  self-service token management:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage tokens (PSP) . 1.
2.Turn on the PSP ENABLED setting. 2.
3. Con figur e  the options  listed in Table SecurID token management options  (on page 1192) as required. 3.
4.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Manage tokens  (PSP) module events that launch 4.
interface programs  (on page 1192), Manage tokens  (PSP) module events that launch interface programs
(on page 1542), that trigger external programs.
5.Click Update to submit the changes. 5.
SecurID token management options
Option Description
PSP TOKEN CLEAR SET Allows users to clear or set their PINs.
PSP TOKEN EMERGENCY Allows users toggle Emergency Access Mode for their tokens
PSP TOKEN ENABLE DISABLE Allows users to enable or disable their own tokens.
PSP TOKEN RESYNC Allows users to re-synchronize their tokens.
Manage tokens  (PSP) module events that launch interface programs
The following Manage tokens (PSP) module options  can be accessed from Manage the system  >
Maintenance > System variables  or Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage tokens (PSP) :
Option Description
PSP CLEAR PIN FAILURE A user fails to clear the PIN associated with a SecurID token on the RSA
Authentic ation  Manager database.
PSP CLEAR PIN SUCCESS A user clears the PIN associated with a SecurID token on the RSA
Authentic ation  Manager database.Option Description
PSP DISABLE FAILURE A user tries to disable a token, but fails for some reason.
PSP DISABLE SUCCESS A user successfully disables a SecurID token.
PSP EMERGENCY OFF FAILURE A user fails to disable emergency access mode for a token.
PSP EMERGENCY OFF SUCCESS A user disables emergency access mode for a token.
PSP EMERGENCY ON FAILURE A user fails to activ a t e  emergency access mode.
PSP EMERGENCY ON SUCCESS A user successfully sets a token to emergency access mode, and receives
some emergency access numbers.
PSP ENABLE FAILURE A user tries to (re)enables a token, but fails for some reason.
PSP ENABLE SUCCESS A user successfully (re)enables a SecurID token.
PSP RESYNCHRONIZE FAILURE A user fails to resynchronize a token with the RSA Authentic ation  Manager.
PSP RESYNCHRONIZE SUCCESS A user resynchronizes a token with the RSA Authentic ation  Manager.
PSP SETPIN FAILURE A user fails to set a new PIN for a SecurID token on the RSA Authentic ation
Manager database.
PSP SETPIN SUCCESS A user sets a new PIN for a SecurID token on the RSA Authentic ation
Manager database.
Update security questions  (PSQ)
Regular users use the Update security questions  to de fine  their own security question  pr ofiles,  which may
contain question  sets for which they de fine  both questions  and answers (user -de fined),  or just the
answers (pr e-de fined).
When users access Bravura Security Fabric  via the Front-end , they may be required to complete their
security question  pr ofile  before other options  are available to them.
For product licenses including Bravura Pass , Update security questions  (PSQ) module is enabled by default.
To block access to this feature, turn off the PSQ ENABLED setting.  Depending on how you c on figur e
question  sets, and user access rules, help desk user s may also view and edit security question  pr ofiles  on
behalf of callers, via the Help users  (IDA) module. You can also c on figur e  user access rules so that self-
service users cannot update their own security question  pr ofiles.
To c on figur e  options  that apply to the Update security questions  (PSQ) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Update security questions  (PSQ). 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table Modules > Update security questions  (PSQ) options  (on page 1193) as 2.
required.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Update security questions  (PSQ) module events that 3.
launch interface programs  (on page 1194), Update security questions  (PSQ) module events that launch
interface programs  (on page 1536).
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
Modules > Update security questions  (PSQ) optionsOption Description
MIN QA LENGTH Set a minimum length for user -de fined  answers by typing the
required number in the adjacent field.
PSQ A NOT IN Q Disallow question  and answer pairs in which the answer is contained
in the question.
PSQ CONDITIONAL DELETE Prevent users of the Update security questions  from deleting  a
question  and answer pair if it will cause them to have less than the
minimum requirement in a question  set.
This c ondition  does not apply to the Help desk.
PSQ CONFIRM ANSWER Add Con firm  fields  to require users to retype their answers.
PSQ ENABLED Enable the security question  management feature.
PSQ UID NOT IN A Disallow answers that contain the user’s pr ofile  ID.
PSQ UNIQUE ANSWER Require that all answers be unique within a user’s security questions
pr ofile.
Update security questions  (PSQ) module events that launch interface programs
The following Update security questions  (PSQ) module options  can be accessed from Manage the system
> Modules  > Update security questions  (PSQ)  or Manage the system  > Maintenance > System variables :
Option Description
PSQ ADD FAILURE A user tries to add one or more new question/ ans w er  pairs, but fails for
some reason.
PSQ ADD SUCCESS A user de fines  one or more new question  / answer pairs, then submits the
changes for the question  set.
PSQ DELETE SUCCESS A user deletes one or more e xisting  question  / answer pairs, then submits
the changes for the question  set.
PSQ DONE A user successfully completes the minimum number of questions  and
answers as specified  for each question  set.
PSQ NOT DONE A user fails to complete the minimum number of questions  and answers as
specified  for each question  set.
PSQ UPDATE FAILURE A user tries to change one or more e xisting  question  / answer pairs, but fails
for some reason.
PSQ UPDATE SUCCESS A user changes one or more e xisting  question  / answer pairs, then submits
the changes for the question  set.
Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR)
When transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  (on page 1651) is implemented, it is important for users to
understand the new password c omposition  rules that Bravura Pass  enforces over nativ e  password
changes made on individual systems. Users also need to understand that password s ynchr oniz ation  takes
place aut omatic ally  after  they change their own password on a trigger system.Bravura Pass  incorporates a web-based r egis tr ation  module, intended to prompt users for activ e
c on firmation  that they understand what transparent s ynchr oniz ation  does for them. When the Password
s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module is activ a t ed,  users are not a ff ect ed  by transparent password
s ynchr oniz ation  until  they activ ely  “register” for it.
The Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module is disabled by default. You must enable it to allow
users to access this feature.
Bravura Security  recommends that password s ynchroniz ation  be applied to all users. R egis tration  can be
used to implement password s ynchroniz ation  on a user-by-user basis; however, there are inc ompatibilities
between password s ynchroniz ation  regis tration  and IVR and the Bravura Pass API. If password
s ynchroniz ation  regis tration  is enabled, IVR and the Bravura Pass API may not be able to find users.
It is recommended that password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  only be used as an educ ational  tool. If this
module is not enabled, all Bravura Pass  users are aut omatic ally  subjected to password s ynchr oniz ation
when it is activ a t ed.  You can enforce r egis tr ation  via the PSF FORCE ENROLLMENT  setting  (on page 1183).
To c on figur e  password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules > Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) . 1.
2.Turn on the PSR ENABLED setting. 2.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed below. 3.
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
5.Restart the Password Manager service to apply your settings. 5.
The Password Manager service must be restarted after  transparent
s ynchr oniz ation  is enabled. If it is not restarted, users may remain aut omatic ally
subjected to transparent s ynchr oniz ation  despite not being activ ely  registered
for it. Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module events that launch interface
programs
The following Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module options  can be accessed from Manage the
system  > Maintenance > System variables or Manage the system  > Modules > Password s ynchr oniz ation
r egis tr ation  (PSR) :
Option Description
PSR CANCELLATION SUCCESS A user disables transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  for themselves.
PSR REGISTRATION FAILURE A user tries to register for transparent password s ynchr oniz ation,  but fails
for some reason.
PSR REGISTRATION SUCCESS A user registers for transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
See also: 
See Transparent Password S ynchr oniz ation  (on page 1651) for details on how to implement transparent
password s ynchr oniz ation,  including how self-service users use the Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation
(PSR) module.Change passwords (PSS)
The Change passwords  (PSS) module allows end-users to change their passwords on one or more target
systems using a web-based interface. If they have f or g otten  their password, they can access Bravura
Security Fabric  using another form of authentic ation.
The Change passwords  (PSS) module is enabled by default. Switch PSS ENABLED off to disable it.
To c on figur e  self-service changes, follow these steps:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Change passwords (PSS) . 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  listed in Table Self-service password change options  (on page 1196) as required. 2.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Change passwords  (PSS) module events that launch 3.
interface programs  (on page 1196), Change passwords  (PSS) module events that launch interface
programs  (on page 1537).
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
Self-service password change options
Option Description
ALL HOST Aut omatic ally  selects all accounts/target systems for a user without
showing a list of accounts on Change passwords pages.
HOST SELECT NONE Shows accounts-per-target lists with no accounts/target systems selected
on Change passwords pages.
S CHANGE EXT The name of an external plugin program or script that supplies HTML to
the Change passwords page. See Adding new functionality  and HTML  (on
page 1149).
S RESET TO PUSHPASS Use the Password Manager service ( idpm ) to retry failed self-service
password changes.
S STATUS EXT The name of an external plugin program or script that supplies HTML to
the password status page. See Adding new functionality  and HTML  (on
page 1149).
Change passwords  (PSS) module events that launch interface programs
The following Change passwords (PSS) module options  can be accessed from Manage the system  >
Maintenance > System variables  or Manage the system  > Modules  > Change passwords (PSS) :
Option Description
PSS CGI PLUGIN RUN The S CHANGE EXT or S STATUS EXT external HTML plugin is run.
PSS RESET FAILURE Bravura Security Fabric  fails to change at least one password for a user in
the Change passwords.
PSS RESET START An authorized user requests one or more password changes on their own
account.
PSS RESET SUCCESS Bravura Security Fabric  successfully changes a set of passwords for a user in
the Change passwords.Queuing password changes
Bravura Pass  can extend web-based password management by using the Password Manager service
(idpm) to queue password changes if the number of requests reaches a certain limit, or to retry the
change later if it failed.
Queuing failed password changes
You can use the S RESET TO PUSHPASS and A RESET TO PUSHPASS options  to enable the aut omatic
retrying (queuing) of failed web-based password changes.
S RESET TO PUSHPASS controls the behavior of the Change passwords  (PSS) module and is set on the
Change passwords (PSS) options  page. A RESET TO PUSHPASS controls the behavior of the Manage the
system  (PSA) module and is set on the Help users (IDA) options  page.
If your password policy enforces password history, failed password changes cannot be queued for
aut omatic  retry on target systems that are designated as s ynchroniz ation  triggers.
These settings  have three possible values:
none Bravura Pass behaves normally. Failed password
changes must then be manually retried by logging into
Bravura Pass and attempting  the change at a later time,
or through the use of a plugin.
Manual Users can select the accounts to be queued. If a
password change failure occurs, users are notified  on
the password reset results page. The user may select
accounts to queue by selecting  the appropriate
checkboxes under the Queuefor aut omatic  retry?
column, and clicking the Queuefailed changes button.
Bravura Pass  lists the target system and account IDs
queued for aut omatic  retry.
Aut omatic All failed password changes are queued for aut omatic
retry.
A message displays notif ying  the user that ”the failed
password changes are queued and will aut omatic ally  be
retried”.
Aut omatic ally  selecting  / deselecting  accounts
Bravura Pass  displays a list of accounts per target when users change their password on Change passwords
(PSS) module. Normally, users can select accounts on any number of accounts, and every target is
selected.To change this behavior, enable the HOST SELECT NONE variable.
It is sometimes  desirable to remove this fle xibility;  for example, if users need not recognize individual
systems in the Change passwords  (PSS) module when they need to change their passwords. Instead, users
have the illusion of a single change oper ation  that lets them regain access to multiple  systems.To remove the accounts-per-target list and aut omatic ally  select every target, enable the ALL HOST
variable.
The ALL HOST variable has no eff ect  when target systems belong to a target system group that uses the
Only one account can be selected for password change rule.
Aut o-populating  suggested passwords
You can enable a JavaScript option  to aut omatic ally  populate password fields  when a suggested password
is selected. To do this, enable the UseSuggestedPassword option  in the config.js script. See
Modifying JavaScript behavior  (on page 3518) for more in f ormation.
Manage reports (RPT)
Product administrators use the Manage reports (RPT) module to schedule and save reports, generate
new reports, and view previously saved reports.
To c on figur e  options  for the Manage reports (RPT) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage reports (RPT) . 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table Modules > Manage reports (RPT) options  (on page 1199) as required. 2.
3.Click Update to submit changes. 3.
Modules > Manage reports (RPT) options
Option Description
ALLOWED REPORTS CUSTOM For custom report plugins, enter the path, file name and extension of the
report script r elativ e  to the <REPORTDIR>directory.
GROUPAPP REPORT ACCESS Specify a user class to control who can view or execute group reports from
Groups app  (on page 1204). The reports can be saved in CSV format and
downloaded for viewing.
Users can have access to group reports when VIEW GROUPS PLUGIN  (on
page 1203) is set with a shipped plugin.
MAX REPORT COLUMNS The maximum columns in a report. The value must be between 20 and
16383. Default value is 100.Option Description
MAX REPORT SPOOL QUOTA The maximum quota (in MB) that is available for the report spool. The
default is all available space on the hard drive.
MAX REPORT SPOOL QUOTA
THRESHOLDThe percentage value of the report spool quota that is available before a
warning is issued.
REPORT CRITERIA PLUGIN Program to execute to control visibility and defaults for report criteria  (on
page 1202). Users are presented with default search values, which they can
not change, or are allowed to modify them.
REPORT GRAPH PLUGIN Program to execute to generate report image  (on page 1200).
REPORT TO PDR DEFAULT RECIPIENT Default recipient when submitting  requests from reports. The recipient
specified  will be used when the recipient ID mapped to a column is empty.
The recipient specified  is populated as the default recipient when choosing
a s t atic  recipient.
REPORT TO PDR REQUEST
CANCELLATION PLUGINProgram to allow the c ancellation  of requests generated from reports  (on
page 1201). The default value is
r eport_t o_pdr_r eques t_c ancellation_plugin.p y .
REPORT TO PDR WAIT TIME Wait time  between request submission in milliseconds. The value must be
between 0 and 30000. Default value is 0. This wait time  is applied between
requests when they are submitted  through report output.
SAVED REPORTS EXPIRY DAYS Default expiry period for the saved reports in days. The value must be
between 1 and 999. The default value is 60. This applies to manually run
reports and scheduled reports. You can modify the expiry period for
individual reports using Expiry days or Never expire settings.
USER REPORT SPOOL QUOTA The quota (in MB) of the report spool that is available for each user. The
default is all available space on the hard drive.
USER REPORT SPOOL QUOTA
THRESHOLDThe percentage value of the report spool quota that is available for each
user before a warning is issued.
See also: 
▪REPORTS  (on page 2891) shows you how to run and schedule reports and includes details on ▪
individual reports.
Report graph plugin
You can specify a plugin to generate and display graphs in reports. A graph can be used to give a visual
r epr esen t ation  of the data collected from the report.
To c on figur e  this plugin, type the plugin’s full name in the REPORT GRAPH PLUGIN field  on the Manage
the system > Modules> Manage reports (RPT)  page.
A built-in plugin, plugin-graph-phantomjs.exe,  is shipped with Bravura Security Fabric . No
other options  are required to c on figur e  this plugin.
Requirements