framework for administrators to de fine  rules that determine which categories and reports will be shown
to users in the Analytics  app.
This component is installed by default when you install Bravura Security Fabric .
Deployment
The hid_policy_analytics_filt er  table contains all the rules that determine what categories and reports are
shown for a particular  user. Like all component framework policy tables, it contains the following basic
fields:
▪StageNumber (required int) The policy engine will run checks in stages. Each stage completes before ▪
rules in the next stage are tested; only after  all stages are completed, or a rule finaliz es  processing, are
the final  results passed.
▪RuleNumber (required int) Within each stage, the engine processes the rules in number order. Note ▪
that this is not necessarily table entry order.
▪CategoryID (required string) Name of the folder or report category is shown or hidden. Default value ▪
is a dot and wild card .
▪ReportName (required string) Report name is shown or hidden. Default value is a dot and wild card .* ▪
▪ShowMatches (required Boolean) When disabled only categories and reports not matching are ▪
shown. Default value is True .
▪Enabled (required Boolean) When disabled the whole rule is not processed. Default value is True ▪
▪Proceed (required Boolean) If the rule matches or mismatches, should the engine c ontinue  processing ▪
further rules (True), or if the rules matches, should it stop (False).
▪Comment (optional  string) Used to explain what the rule means in English. Like all comments, this is ▪
very useful if kept correct, and activ ely  dangerous if not.
▪ViewUserID (optional  string) User ID once matched is able to view or not view the categories and ▪
reports set in the required fields.
▪ViewUserClass (optional  string) The engine allows or disallows users who have matching user class ▪
membership to view categories and reports.
▪ Attribut eID  (optional  string) User that has user attribut e  matching the value in Attribut eV alue  can or ▪
can not view analytics  categories and reports.
▪ Attribut eV alue  (optional  string) User attribut e  is set here. ▪
Individual rule examples
The following are various examples of rules to show how the fields  in the table work together.
Rule example
RuleNumber CategoryID ReportName ShowMatches Enabled Proceed
1 .* PASSWORD_RESET_REQUESTS True True True
2 ANALYTICS_CATEGORY_USERS .* True True True
3 .* REPORTS_* False True TrueRuleNumber CategoryID ReportName ShowMatches Enabled Proceed
4 .* SOD_* True False True
5 .* REPORTS_LOGIN_FAILURES True True False
The rules do the following:
▪Rule 1 Analytics  report PASSWORD_RESET_REQUESTS under all categories are shown ▪
▪Rule 2  All analytics  reports under category ANALYTICS_CATEGORY_USERS are shown ▪
▪Rule 3  All analytics  reports matching string REPORTS_  are hidden. Non-matched reports are shown. ▪
▪Rule 4  Is disabled; Enabled  is set to False. ▪
▪Rule 5  If there are no analytics  reports matching string REPORTS_LOGIN_FAILURES , subsequent ▪
rules are processed. If there is matching, no subsequents are processed.
Policies analytics  reports
Dormant and orphan accounts
This report provides details about accounts that have no login in f ormation  or have not been used for a
certain amount of days.
Each section  of the graph can be clicked to display a detailed report.
Violation  e x ception  status
This report displays the breakdown of all Segr eg ation  of duties  (SoD) violations  by their approved
e x ception  status.
All violations  are classified  as either having received an approved e x ception  or not.Drilling down into either of these two statuses in the chart will result in a report listing  the SoD violations.
Violation  e x ception  details
This report contains the status, with approved e x ception  or not, for each Segr eg ation  of duties  (SoD).
Clicking on an element in the chart will produce a report for the selected SoD and its’ approved e x ception
status.Violation  details
This report contains the breakdown of Segr eg ation  of duties  (SoD) violations  by SoD ID.
Clicking into the chart will produce a drill down report that lists the SoD violators for the selected SoD.
Included in the report is the approved e x ception  status for the violation.Authentic ation  Chain St atistics
This report monitors and displays the total login count, the successful login count, and the failed login
count and rate on the system.
The values in the last two columns: Failure count  and Failure rate (%)  have clickable links. Clicking them
displays details such as user ID, user name, oper ation  code, and date when login fails.W orkflo w  analytics  reports
Request summary
This report provides details about w orkflo w  requests.
Various sections  of this report can be clicked on to produce a detailed report; for example:
▪You can view requests for the last day, last week, last month, last quarter or last year by clicking on the▪
button  with that particular  title.
▪You can click Open requests  and view all open requests. ▪Privileged Access reports
Web app privileged sign-on c on figur ation
This report provides details about the web app c on figur ations  that are associated with managed
accounts.▪Click the 
  next to Con figur ation  file to view the c on figur ation  file. ▪
▪Click a particular  Managed account  view more details about that particular  account; for example, the ▪
vault the account is associated with and the team that manages the account.
▪Click the Check-outs  tab to view current check-outs and check-out history. ▪Certific ation  analytics  reports
Campaign s t atistics
This report provides details about activ e,  completed and canceled campaigns.
Each section  of the pie graph can be clicked on to produce a more detailed report.
Entitlemen t  review aging
This report provides a review of pr ofile,  account, group membership and role entitlemen ts.