Create a resource attribut e  group 
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 1.
2.Click Add new... 2.
3.On the Resource attribut e  group de finition  page, enter the following values: 3.
ID RISK_ATTRIBUTES
Description Risk attributes
Resource type Managed groups
For this feature, only template accounts, roles, and managed group types are applicable.
4.Click Add. 4.5.Click the Access control tab. 5.
6.Give the ALLUSERS group read and write permission.6.
7.Click the Members tab. 7.
8.Click Select... 8.
9.Click the checkbox for RISK and click Select . 9.You can repeat this process to add other types of risk attribut e  if you like. The supported types are
integer, string, date, and boolean.
Give the group attribut e  a value 
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Groups . 1.
2.Select a group.2.
3.Give the Risk attribut e  a value. 3.
4.Click Update . 4.Repeat this process for other groups if you like.
Start an entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign 
To start an entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign:
1.From the main menu, click Manage certific ation  process . 1.
2.Click Start entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign . 2.
3.Select entitlemen ts  to be reviewed. 3.4.Click the Reviewers tab to choose reviewers for the campaign. 4.
5.Click Continue  to choose a single reviewer. 5.
6.Click Select… . 6.
7.Search for and select the appropriate user.7.
8.Click the Peer groups tab to review the settings  for marking consistent entitlemen ts. 8.Note that the Enable c alculating  consistency across peers checkbox is enabled by default.
Modify settings  to mark items for consistency as required.
9. Con figur e  aut o-certific ation: 9.
a.Click the Automate certific ation  by resource attribut e  checkbox. a.
b.Click the magnifying glass icon to select ”RISK” as the Resource attribut e  to compare . b.
c.Set the Comparison method to ”is less than”. c.
d.Set the Resource attribut e  value to 5. d.Note that the value for Aut omatic ally  certif y  items if at least this percent of peers share the item
and aut o-certif y  attribut e  expression is met must be greater than or equal to the value for Mark
items as consistent if at least this percent of peers share the item .
10. Con figur e  aut o-r e v oc ation: 10.
a.Click the Identity  r e v oc ation  candidates by resource attribut e  checkbox. a.
b.Click the magnifying glass icon to select ”RISK” as the Resource attribut e  to compare . b.
c.Set the Comparison method to ”is greater than or equal to”. c.
d.Set the Resource attribut e  value to 7. d.Note that the value for Identif y  candidates for r e v oc ation  if fewer than this percent of peers
share the item and auto-revoke attribut e  expression is met must be less than or equal to the
value for Mark items as inconsistent if fewer than this percent of peers share the item .
While aut o-certific ation  is simply recorded in the Bravura Security Fabric database, aut o-r e v oc ation
requires an action  on the a ff ect ed  target system. Depending on the type of items included in the
campaign, you can select from available pr e-de fined  requests to revoke items.
11. Click the Submit tab. 11.
12. Type a Certific ation  campaign description . 12.13. Click Launch campaign . 13.
14. Click Start new campaign . 14.
With the above c on figur ation,  an item with a peer group consistency of above 60% and a risk integer
value less than 5 will be aut omatic ally  certified.  An item with a peer group consistency of less than 50%
and a risk integer value greater than or equal to 7 will be aut omatic ally  revoked. Reviewers can override
these actions  when they review items.  
Review in certific ation  app 
To review items in the certific ation  app:
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as the reviewer 1.
2.Click the notific ation  link or click Review entitlemen ts  and c on figur ations  to view the campaign 2.
review page.In the certific ation  app:
▪These items have been aut omatic ally  certified,  because they have a high consistency score and a low ▪
risk attribut e  value: