2.Select "Azure MFA" from the Choose an authentic ation  method  page 2.
The user should receive a Azure MFA push notific ation  on their mobile phone to approve the login
request.
3.The user approves the request, then logs on the Bravura Security Fabric  instance. 3.
Okta API in t egr ation
This section  demonstrates how to c on figur e  Okta, using the API in t egr ation  method, as an authentic ation
chain with Bravura Security Fabric .
See Okta in t egr ation  strategy
Okta off er s  a platform  for:
▪Web single sign-on (SSO) with f eder ation  or password form s tuffing. ▪
▪Two-factor authentic ation  (2FA) via a smart phone app or a PIN delivered to user emails or mobile ▪
phones.
▪Simple cr eation  and deactiv ation  of accounts on certain SaaS platforms. ▪
It is possible to integrate Bravura Security Fabric  with Okta to utiliz e  one of Okta's authentic ation
methods when signing into Bravura Security Fabric .In t egr ating  Okta with Bravura Security Fabric
There are two mechanisms available to integrate Okta with Bravura Security Fabric :
▪ In t egr ation  with SAML f eder ation ; where the Okta service is the Identity  Provider (IdP) and Bravura ▪
Security Fabric  is the Service Provider (SP) . Bravura Security Fabric  can also act as the IdP to Okta or
any other web app acting  as the SP .
Note: The SAML solution  is not recommended for Bravura Security Fabric
versions prior to 12.0.3. Contact support  for more in f ormation.
▪ In t egr ation  via the Okta web services API ; where the Bravura Security login subsystem asks Okta for ▪
session status, is also available.
Advantages of a SAML-based in t egr ation
▪Consistent SSO (single-sign-on): Once signed into Okta from one browser, any future attemp ts  to login ▪
for the dur ation  of the SSO token, don't require authentic ation.
Note: This does have security and audit implic ations  for Privileged accounts and
should not be implemented alone for those accounts, however, for end-
users it is a time-sa v er .▪More consistent user experience:: The visual login sequence with Okta's Web UI showing up when▪
authentic ating  from other Web applic ations  is what customers' users are sometimes  already familiar
with.
▪2FA can be c on figur ed  nativ ely  on the Okta platform  by the relevant applic ation  administrators. ▪
▪2FA can be c on figur ed  using Bravura Security Fabric  authentic ation  chains. ▪
▪Once SAML tokens are created during the login process, the login is transparent for additional  SAML ▪
SPs
In high-security applic ations  like Bravura Privilege this is actually a security risk; for example, going
directly into Bravura Privilege because a user authentic a t ed  into Google Calendar may not be secure
enough.
▪There is no need to create an adminis tr ativ e-le v el  API token on the Okta platform  and import it into ▪
Bravura Security Fabric .
▪There is no need to create an extra target, or copy a list from the target Okta authentic a t es  against ▪
(AD or other LDAP).
Advantages of an API-based in t egr ation
▪Bravura Identity  can manage accounts on Okta, and role assignment. ▪
▪More solid directory in t egr ation  than the SAML method: Listing  accounts from the Okta target directly ▪
and making it a SoP can ensure no f alse-neg ativ es  exist, if the Okta directory is out of sync with the
SoP of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance.
▪Smaller attack  surface: As the diagram above shows, Okta exists on the Internet; c onnections  to it are ▪
using encrypted, over TLS:
▪Using the SAML in t egr ation  method the user browser needs access to both the Bravura Security ▪
Fabric  instance and the Okta instance c on figur ed  for authentic ation  using SAML.
▪Using the API authentic ation,  the users browser only need access to the Bravura Security Fabric 's ▪
UI, which is usually on the private network. Bravura Security Fabric  then communicates to Okta.
▪Less r epetitiv e  work for end-users: Users enter their pr ofile  ID only once. With SAML, users must enter ▪
their ID twice; once when in t er acting  with the Bravura Security Fabric  instance and again when
in t er acting  with the Okta login subsystem.
▪More consistent user experience per login: Users interact with just a single portal, the Bravura ▪
Security Fabric  instance rather than being redirected between two login pages.
Note that each portal can use its own cookie to auto-populate this input field,  which reduces the
impact on login attemp ts  from a previously used browser.
▪With API-based in t egr ation,  two diff er en t  users can sign into Bravura Security Fabric  from the same ▪
browser. With SAML-based in t egr ation,  it is more difficult  for users to share a browser; either the
previously signed-on user must sign off from both products when finished,  or the second user wishing
to use the browser must fir s t sign into Okta and only then can sign into Bravura Security Fabric .
▪API-based in t egr ation  is much easier to use in cases where users share a laptop and need access to ▪
'Self-Service, Anywhere' to reset f or g otten,  locally cached passwords using Bravura Security  ID Password
Manager.
▪It is possible to c on figur e  the Bravura Security  portal to prompt users to provide multiple  Okta factors, ▪
leading to multi- f act or  authentic ation  rather than strictly two-factor authentic ation.▪ Con figuring  and updating  an expired API token is less work than updating  an expired SAML certific a t e. ▪
for in f ormation  about SAML versus API in t egr ation.
Requirements
This demons tr ation  assumes:
▪An Okta target system  has been c on figur ed  as described in Connector Pack documen t ation. ▪
▪The Okta target system is set as a source of pr ofiles,  or the Okta accounts are associated to another ▪
source.
▪Auto discovery has been run.▪
Add Okta to Authentic ation  Chains
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Authentic ation  chains > Front-end login . 1.
2.Disable the DEFAULT_LOGIN chain and click Add new…  to add a new module. 2.
3.Select Connector package agent  for the module type. 3.
4.Click Update . 4.5.Set the Okta target system in Target system to use for address and cr edentials . 5.
6.Select Challenge response authentic ation  for Password v erific ation  option. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.8.Reorder the authentic ation  chain modules so the Okta module comes fir s t. 8.9.Enable the authentic ation  chain. 9.
10. Test the authentic ation  by logging in as a user with an Okta account. 10.
11. Select an Okta factor from the list of registered factors for the user. 11.12. Complete the Okta authentic ation  step. 12.
13. Sign in to Bravura Security Fabric  by c ompleting  the next step; the non-Okta authentic ation  step. 13.
Authentic ation  into Bravura Security Fabric  should now be complete.
Smart Card authentic ation
Bravura Security Fabric  can authentic a t e  users with smart cards if:
▪Internet In f ormation  Services (IIS) is c on figur ed  as your web server and it is set up with SSL. ▪
▪Users’ web browsers are enabled for smart card access.▪
▪The login ID typed by users on the Bravura Security Fabric  login page matches the user ID identified  in ▪
the smart card certific a t e  (the cn part of the CERT_SUBJECT environment variable).
To enable users to access Bravura Security Fabric  using their smart cards, you must:
▪ Con figur e  IIS for smart card in t egr ation  (on page 918). ▪
▪ Con figur e  certific a t e  authentic ation  of users with smart cards ▪
The steps required vary depending on your environment. Consult your smart card documen t ation.
▪Enable and c on figur e  the HTTPAUTH authentic ation  chain for web server authentic ation  in t egr ation. ▪
The httpauth.exe program is both a cgiexecutable and an authentic ation  plugin. It can be
c on figur ed  using a PSLang script.  (on page 981)
The custom authentic ation  chain HTTPAUTH can be enabled.
Con figur e  IIS for smart card authentic ation
The following ins tructions  are for Internet Inf ormation  Services (IIS) 8.0. Details may vary depending on
your version of IIS and installed service packs.These steps apply for a remote IIS server. On ins t allation  of Bravura Security Fabric , the httpauth CGI
is installed and enabled for Windows authentic ation.  To c on figur e  IIS for smart card authentic ation  to
Bravura Security Fabric  :
1.Set up IIS with SSL and install a Server SSL certific a t e. 1.
Consult your IIS documen t ation  to learn how to do this.
2. Con figur e  IIS to accept client certific a t es  for httpauth.exe : 2.
a.Open the Internet In f ormation  Services (IIS) Manager snap-in on the Bravura Security Fabric  server. a.
b.Expand <computer name> > Web Sites > <install site> , then select the virtual directory for the b.
Bravura Security Fabric  instance.
c.On the bottom  of the window, click on Content View . c.
d.From the list of content under the Bravura Security Fabric  instance, select the httpauth.exe . d.
e.Right-click httpauth.exe , then click Switch to Features View . e.
f.Click SSL Settings . f.
g.Select the Require SSL checkbox. g.
h.Select the Accept radio button  under Client certific a t es . h.
i.Under Actions , click Apply . i.
3. Con figur e  mapping of client certific a t es. 3.
Consult your IIS or smart card documen t ation  to learn how to do this.
Single-page login and authentic ation
By default, the authentic ation  process into Bravura Security Fabric  is carried out in two separate steps:
the user is identified,  then authentic a t ed  (that is, the product prompts for a user name and then a
password on separate screens). A plugin can be used to modify this behavior and have the product
display both the user name and password fields  on a single page.
In this use case a plugin is used to aut omatic ally  direct users to a password authentic ation  page, with ID
and password fields  on a single page.
This can be implemented by c on figuring  the DEFAULT_LOGIN chain’s select_chain.pss to run the
authselect.psl plugin  (on page 981).
A sample PSLang script, authselect.psl , is located in the samples directory. This file is only installed
with a complete ins t allation  or if you selected Sample files in a custom ins t allation.
When a user logs in:
1.The user is presented with a login page that also includes a password field. 1.
The page includes the message:
Leave the password blank and press c ontinue  if you don’t know your password
2.The user may enter his ID and password to authentic a t e,  or enter only his ID and proceed to the 2.
authentic ation  menu that includes other authentic ation  methods. If the user ID and password entered
is:▪Valid, then the user is immediately logged into the Front-end . ▪
▪Invalid, then the user is redirected to the authentic ation  menu to select another method. ▪
Reorder available chains in select_chains module
When providing a choice of available authentic ation  chains at login time,  the chains listed in the
Available chains  list of the select_chain module get displayed for the user in the alphabetic al  order of
their chain IDs, for example:
1. Con figur e  Manage the system > Policies > Authentic ation  chains > Front-end login . 1.
2.In the Available chains  setting ,  list: 2.
Use PSFEXT_VALUES
EMAILPIN
SMSPIN
When users log in, Bravura Security Fabric  displays the options  in the in the alphabetic al  order of their
chain IDs (after  Use PSFEXT_VALUES ):
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack  are installed. ▪
▪User has the adminis tr ativ e  privilege and can access the Bravura Security Fabric  server ▪
Steps
1. Identif y  all cases where reordering is required. This will mean that you need to adjust the 1.
authentic ation  chain names only once.
2.Export  (on page 865) the authentic ation  chains. 2.