▪Create endpoint▪
▪Create server role▪
▪Create trace event notific ation ▪
▪External access assembly▪
▪View any de finition ▪
▪View server state▪
e.Click OK. e.
Advanced c onfigur ation  
If you require that the dedicated user works with fewer permissions, you can do one of the following:
▪Modify ins t allation  options  so that Bravura Security Fabric  installs to a named schema owned by a ▪
diff er en t  user.
The ”schema install user” requires all of the roles described in the above procedure.
▪Modify ins t allation  options  so that Bravura Security Fabric  does not install the schema, and instead ▪
uses a schema already set up by your database administrator.
▪Remove extra permissions from the dedicated user after  Bravura Security Fabric  is installed. ▪
In the above cases, the dedicated user requires at least the db_datareader and db_datawriter database
roles, as well as permissions to the schema objects. This includes: EXECUTE permission on the stored
procedures, VIEW DEFINITION permission on the stored procedures and views. To learn how to grant
permissions to schema objects, contact your database administrator or refer to your database
documen t ation.
See Micr osoft  SQL Server c onnection  details for more in f ormation  about advanced ins t allation  options.
Working with multiple  ins t allations
Instances 
If you are installing multiple  Bravura Security Fabric  instances, ensure that you create and use a separate
database and user for each instance.  
Database r eplic ation  
If you will be using Bravura Security Fabric  database r eplic ation,  ensure that you create and use a
separate database and user for each replicated server ins t allation.   
Schema 
During ins t allation,  you can modify options  so that Bravura Security Fabric  does not install the schema, if:
▪The schema is set up by your database administrator ahead of time. ▪
In this c on figur ation,  you must set up database r eplic ation  between instances. See the R eplic ation  and
Recovery Guide  for more in f ormation.
▪The schema is shared from a previous ins t allation. ▪This means both instances work against the same schema and no database r eplic ation  is required
between them.
See Installing with a Shared Schema  (on page 229) for details on shared schema server setup.
Modifying database c onnection  details
If a change has been made to the database server cr edentials,  (database server name, database name,
database server user ID, or database server user password) use the iddbadm program to update the
database in f ormation.
See the iddbadm usage
Use the iddbadm program to modify and c on figur e  the cr edentials  used by iddb to connect to the
database backend.
Usage
Run iddbadm with the following arguments:
  iddbadm.exe -instance <bravura_instance> -dbtype MSSQL
   [-database <database>] [-dbserver <dbserver>]
   -dbuser <bravura_dbuser>  -password <password>
   [-iddbport <iddbport>] 
   [-integrated]
Argument Description
-database <database> The MSSQL database name
-dbserver <dbserver> The MSSQL database server or instance c onnection  string
-iddbport <iddbport> The database service TCP port
-dbtype <dbtype> The database type (MSSQL)
-dbuser <dbuser> The ID of the user that connects to the database
-instance <instance> The Bravura Security Fabric  instance name
-password <password> The database server user password
-integrated Use Windows Integrated Authentic ation  instead of a
password
-sho w c on fig  <sho w c on fig> Show current DBMS backend c on figur ation
Example
1.To change the dbms cr edentials  for a MSSQL server: 1.
iddbadm -dbtype MSSQL -dbuser mssqluser -instance idminstance -
password 
dbuserpassword -database dbname -dbserver dbserver.com 
2.To change the authentic ation  mode for a MSSQL server from SQL Server authentic ation  to windows 2.
authentic ation:iddbadm -integrated
for more in f ormation.
Required database maintenance
The Auto Discovery  (on page 2716) process replaces the entir e  data in some large tables whenever it is
scheduled; that can lead to very large tr ansaction  and/or temp files showing up overnight.
The data, tr ansaction  and log file loc ations  of every Bravura Security Fabric  node’s backend database
have to be monitored so they don’t run out of space:
▪If the database engine is c on figur ed  to clean up, the files could be much smaller when inspected after ▪
the clean-up.
▪Ensure that you have at least 50% free space on the drives, shares or SAN’s that host those files.  This ▪
ensures that the database always has enough space to function  as expected. Bravura
Security recommends at least 500gb of hard drive storage for a Bravura Security Fabric  server.
Do not schedule database maintenance, clean-up procedures or table reindexing at the time  auto
discovery , Automated User Adminis tr ation  (on page 2424), Aut omatic  Assignment  (on page 2442) or other
long, database-intensive Bravura Security Fabric  processes are scheduled.
▪If database maintenance lasts more than a few minutes, schedule the Bravura Security Fabric  nodes ▪
that use that database to be taken out of the load balancer.
▪It is a good idea to perform maintenance (for example OS upgrades) on the Bravura Security Fabric ▪
node itself at the same time  as it is done on its database (if so, take down the Bravura Security Fabric
node before the database one, and bring up the database before the Bravura Security Fabric )
In case Bravura Security Fabric ’s stored procedures fail for any reason, the da t e/time  stamp, sproc name,
its arguments, and the failure reason will be recorded in the Bravura Security Fabric  instance’s db \iddb-
failed-procs-*.log files;  for example:
▪These log files are created whenever a new node is added. The failure logs for receive and send ▪
queues are created as empty (0 bytes) files.  They are created by the Database Service ( iddb ) and
data is appended to them by the Database Service.
▪These log files are not rotated with the rest of the Bravura Security Fabric  logs: they are there for ▪
maintenance, and if non-empty, they must be read by an administrator who will decide if c orr ectiv e
action  is needed. When an unfamiliar sproc fails, open an issue with support@bravurasecurity.com  to
determine if action  is needed.
▪Some sproc failures are benign; for example, an error in updating  an account during auto discovery ▪
could well be made obsolete by the next auto discovery .▪Bravura Security  recommends that the content of those files be emptied  as soon as the reason for ▪
failure is solved, but that content should be kept elsewhere, outside the Bravura Security Fabric
instance folder, in case later tr oubleshooting  sessions require them.
T r oubleshooting
Errors 
If you experience errors, verify that:
▪You can connect to SQL Server  using the login that you created. ▪
You can verify the c onnection  using the SQL Server Command Line Tool.
If the login uses SQL Server authentic ation:
sqlcmd.exe -S <server name>\<instance> -U <login ID> -P <password>
If the login uses Windows authentic ation,  and the current Windows user is the same as the SQL Server
login:
sqlcmd.exe -S <server name>\<instance> 
▪Your system meets the recommended ins t allation  requirements. ▪
For example, 1 GB RAM is recommended (512 MB is the minimum) for Micr osoft  SQL Server  .
If you c ontinue  to experience errors with Micr osoft  SQL Server  :
▪Ensure that the server is set up to allow remote c onnections. ▪
▪If you are c onnecting  to a named instance, try specifying the TCP port number along with the server ▪
and instance name: <servername >\<instance >,<port >.
For example, using sqlcmd.exe:
sqlcmd.exe -S sqlserver\mycorp2,1433 -U sa -P letmein! 
If you c ontinue  to experience errors with Micr osoft  SQL Server , try the following:
1.Start the SQL Server Con figur ation  Manager ( Start > All Programs > Micr osoft  SQL Server 2008 > 1.
Con figur ation  Tools )
2.Select SQL Server Network Con figur ation  > Protocols for <SQLServer instance > and enable Shared 2.
Memory, TCP/IP , and Named Pipes protocols.
3.Select SQL Nativ e  Client Con figur ation  > Client Protocols and enable protocols with the following 3.
order:
▪Shared Memory  1 ▪
▪TCP/IP 2 ▪
▪Named Pipes 3 ▪
4.Restart the server to apply your settings. 4.
Services 
Under certain circumstances, Bravura Security Fabric  services may fail to start after  a server reboot. This
problem may occur if the database is unavailable, or the database services and/or other dependentservices have not started completely when the Bravura Security Fabric  services attemp t  to start. There
are two methods for resolving this problem.  
Method 1: 
Manually start the services
If Bravura Security Fabric  services fail to start, you can manually start all required services. To do this:
1.Before you begin, ensure the database is available.1.
2.Log on to the a ff ect ed  server. 2.
3.On the Start menu, click Run, type services.msc , Click OK. 3.
4.In the results pane, find the Bravura Security Logging Service . 4.
5.Right-click the service, then select Restart . 5.
6.In the results pane, find the Bravura Security Database Service . 6.
7.Right-click the Service , then select Start . 7.
8.Repeat steps 6 and 7 for all Bravura Security services that did not start.8.
Method 2: 
Set Bravura Security Fabric  services to Aut omatic  (Delayed Start)
To ensure that the database and all required services have started completely before the Bravura Security
Fabric  services have started, you can set them to Aut omatic  (Delayed Start) . To do this:
1.Log on to the a ff ect ed  server. 1.
2.On the Start menu, click Run, type services.msc , Click OK. 2.
3.In the results pane, find the Bravura Security services. 3.
4.Right-click the service, then select Pr operties… . 4.
5.Change the Startup Type to Aut omatic  (Delayed Start) . 5.
6.Click Apply , then click OK. 6.
7.Repeat steps 4-6 for all Bravura Security services that are installed.7.
8.Restart the server.8.3 Installing the Bravura Security Fabric  server softw ar e
This chapter describes system requirements and provides ins tructions  for installing softw ar e  on Bravura
Security Fabric  servers.
Server requirements
The Bravura Security Fabric  server and any replicated servers must be installed on a Windows Server
oper ating  system. Windows 2016, Windows Server 2019, or Windows Server 2022 is recommended at
the current release level of Bravura Security Fabric .
Installing on Windows Server enables Bravura Security Fabric  to leverage client softw ar e  that is available
only on the "Wintel” platform.  In turn, this makes it possible for Bravura Security Fabric  to manage
passwords and accounts on target systems without installing a server-side agent.
Bravura Security Fabric  stores all of its data in an external database. Micr osoft  SQL Server 2019
(recommended), Micr osoft  SQL Server 2017 , Micr osoft  SQL Server 2016 SP2 , or Micr osoft  SQL Server 2014 SP3
must be installed and c on figur ed  before the Bravura Security Fabric  server softw ar e  can be installed. See
Installing and c on figuring  Micr osoft  SQL Server  (on page 173) for more in f ormation.  Oracle database was
supported on versions up to 9.0.x and is not supported on 10.0 or later releases.
If you are installing the Bravura Security Fabric  on the same server as the database, ensure you take into
c onsider ation  the server requirements for the database softw ar e  when c alculating  the requirements for
the Bravura Security Fabric  server.
Each Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation  server must also be c on figur ed  with a web server. The Bravura
Security Fabric  installer is aware of and can aut omatic ally  c on figur e  IIS web servers for use with Bravura
Security Fabric .
The Bravura Security Fabric  server is a security server, and should be locked down accordingly. See
Locking down a Bravura Security Fabric  server  (on page 302) for details. In short, most of the nativ e
Windows services can and should be removed, leaving a very small attack  surface, with exactly one
inbound TCP/IP port (443):
▪No ASP , JSP or PHP are used, so such code interpreters should be disabled.▪
▪Web-facing .NET is not used and should be disabled (some connectors require it, due to .NET API▪
bindings).
▪No ODBC or DCOM are required inbound, so these services should be filt er ed  or disabled at the web ▪
server. As with .NET, ODBC is sometimes  needed to connect to target systems.
▪Inbound file sharing should be disabled. ▪
▪Remote registry services should be disabled.▪
▪Inbound TCP/IP c onnections  should be fir e w alled,  allowing only port 443, remote desktop services (to ▪
c on figur e  the softw ar e)  and a handful of ports between Bravura Security Fabric  servers, mainly for
data r eplic ation.Each Bravura Security Fabric  server requires a database instance. Micr osoft  SQL Server 2019 is the
recommended choice. Micr osoft  SQL Server 2017, 2016 SP2 and 2014 SP3 are also supported. Oracle
database was supported on versions up to 9.0.x and is not supported on 10.0 or later releases.
Bravura Security Fabric  is c ompatible  with 64-bit Windows Servers:
▪The core softw ar e  is compiled as 64-bit binaries. ▪
▪Programs that execute in the context of the core oper ating  system, such as password s ynchr oniz ation ▪
triggers, event hooks, etc. are available in both 64- and 32-bit versions for c ompatibility .
Primary server requirements
Each Bravura Security Fabric  server is c on figur ed  as follows:
▪Hardware requirements:▪
▪Intel Xeon or similar CPU. Multi-c or e  CPUs are supported and leveraged. Dual core is a minimum. ▪
▪At least 16GB RAM – 32GB or more is leveraged and is typical for a server.▪
▪At least 600GB of HD storage, preferably in an enterprise RAID c on figur ation  for reliability and ▪
preferably larger for r e t ention  of more historical and log data.
More space is always better ,  to increase log r e t ention.
▪At least one Gigabit Ethernet NIC.▪
Ensure you take into c onsider ation  the hardware requirements of any other softw ar e  that may
share the Bravura Security Fabric  server; for example, database storage requirements.
See Support for virtual machines  for more in f ormation  about support for virtual machines.
▪ Oper ating  system: ▪
▪Windows Server 2022.▪
▪Windows Server 2019.▪
▪Windows Server 2016.▪
It is recommended that the server is not a domain controller.
▪Networking:▪
▪TCP/IP networking, with a s t atic  IP address and DNS name entry ▪
▪Cryptographic certific a t e ▪
▪ Micr osoft  .NET Framework 3.5 and 4.5+ ▪
▪ASP .NET Core Hosting  Bundle 6.0.4 ▪
▪NET Desktop Runtime  6.0.4 ▪
▪Web Service Enhancements (WSE) 2.0 SP3 for Micr osoft  .NET or greater ▪
▪Web server (IIS) with the following:▪
▪HTTP r edir ection ▪
▪The IIS URL Rewrite module from:▪
http://w w w .iis.ne t/do wnloads/micr osoft/url-r e writ e
▪CGI▪
▪Dynamic Compression▪▪ St atic  Compression ▪
▪WebSocket Protocol▪
▪Database / c onnectivity  softw ar e: ▪
▪A Micr osoft  SQL Server 2019  (recommended), Micr osoft  SQL Server 2017 , Micr osoft  SQL Server 2016 SP2 , ▪
or Micr osoft  SQL Server 2014 SP3  instance is required to host the Bravura Security Fabric  schema:
▪Normally one database instance per applic ation  server. ▪
▪The SQL Server database softw ar e  can be deployed on the same server as the Bravura Security ▪
Fabric  applic ation,  as this reduces hardware cost and allows applic ation  administrators full DBA
access for tr oubleshooting  and performance tuning purposes.
See Where to install the softw ar e  for more in f ormation.
▪If the database softw ar e  is deployed on a separate server, it is recommended that you install the ▪
client softw ar e  (on page 172) that corresponds to the database backend.
See Installing Database and Database Client Softw ar e  (on page 172) for details.
▪Connector Pack : ▪
▪The Connector Pack  contains connectors which integrate Bravura Security Fabric  with target ▪
systems.
▪It is recommended, but not required, that you install the Connector Pack  after  the Bravura Security ▪
Fabric . This allows you to select ins t ance-specific  or global ins t allation.
See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for details.
▪Installed and tested softw ar e: ▪
▪ Nativ e  clients for the systems that Bravura Security Fabric  will interface with. Refer to the ▪
Connector Pack Documen t ation  for in f ormation  specific  to each type of target system.
▪Python 3.11.2+▪
Python 3.11.2+ must be installed before installing Bravura Security Fabric. It is required for certain
Bravura Security Fabric components, including the Python IDMLib library used to help create plugin
programs, Health check monitor , and reference builds.
Ensure that Python is installed for all users to allow the Bravura Security Fabric service user
(psadmin) account to have appropriate access to the Python ins t allation.
It is recommended to add Python to the system PATH. This may also be added by selecting  the
option  for ” Add Python 3.11 to PATH” during the Python ins t allation.
Python 3.11.2+ is optional  for Connector Pack ins t allations.  It is however required for the
agtpython  and pxpython  connectors.
For older versions of Bravura Security Fabric, there are alternate versions of the agtpython
connector located in the agent\alt directory and alternate versions of the pxpython  connector
located in the interface\alt directory that are c ompatible  with specific  versions.
See Installing Python  (on page 200) to learn how to install Python to meet these requirements.
Python c ompatibilityInstance version Python version
 3.3.x 3.4.1 3.4.3 3.5.3 3.7.x 3.8.x 3.9.x 3.10.x 3.11.x
12.6.x
CP 4.5.xY
12.4.x - 12.5.x
CP 4.3.x - 4.4.x       Y
12.0 - 12.3.x
CP 4.0.x - 4.2.x    Y    
10.0.4 - 11.1.3
CP 3.1.4 - 3.3.2   Y     
9.0.3 - 10.0.3
CP 3.1.0 - 3.1.3  Y      
9.0.0 - 9.0.2
CP 3.0.0 - 3.0.2 Y       
8.2.8
CP 2.4.0 - 2.5.2Y        
▪ Micr osoft  Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable (x64 and x86) ▪
Micr osoft  Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Package is required for Bravura Security Fabric  10.0 and
higher. It is required for certain Bravura Security Fabric  run-time  components that use Visual C++
libraries. This is aut omatic ally  installed during setup , if prerequisites are met.
The installer checks prerequisites for C++ runtime  and universal CRT. Before these two can be
installed, the system requires the KB2919355 update (this is a set of patches, which has to be
installed in order by clearc ompressionflag.e x e,  KB2932046, KB2959977, KB2937592, KB2938439,
KB2934018). KB2938439 must be patched before KB2919355 can be patched. During the
ins t allation  of patches, if a Windows dialog box displays the message: ”The update is not applicable
to your computer” and you are sure that you installed the patch that matches your operating
system, it is likely that there are other prerequisites that need to be installed before the current
patch.
▪At least one web browser (such as Chrome), and PDF viewer (to read the documen t ation) ▪
▪A Git client (for revision control)▪
Anti- virus  software  may impact Bravura Security Fabric functionality  and performance.Disable WebDAVModule
During the instance pr e-ins t allation  check the installer checks if IIS module "Web Distributed Authoring
and Versioning" (WebDAVModule) is installed. If so, the installer warns that this module may interfere
with REST API usage and that it should be disabled. This can be done after  the instance is installed.
To disabling WebDAVModule for an already installed instance (named "myinstance" in this example), run
the command:
%SYSTEMROOT%\system32\inetsrv\appcmd.exe delete module /
module.name:"WebDAVModule" /app.name:"Default Web Site/myinstance"
Installing Python
Python 3.11.2+ must be installed before installing Bravura Security Fabric  or Connector Pack . It is
required  (on page 197) for certain Bravura Security Fabric  sub-systems, including the Python IDMLib
library used to help create plugin programs, Health check monitor , and reference builds.
Ensure that you install the 64-bit version of Python.
Ensure that Python is installed for all users  to allow the Bravura Security Fabric  service user (psadmin)
account to have appropriate access to the Python ins t allation.
To install Python 3.11.2+:
1.Download and run the 64-bit installer from python.org . 1.
2.On the fir s t screen, check the Add Python 3.11 to PATH option. 2.