Right Keyword Description
View
in f ormation:User
notific ationsvie wntf The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about user
notific ations  via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Certific ation
campaignsviewcert The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about certific ation
campaigns via embedded links.
if you want the user to retain any access to self-service or help desk menus.
If you grant all adminis trative  privileges to an e xisting  user, then they lose access to the self-service
modules as well as the Help users  (IDA) module.
You cannot grant any adminis tr ativ e  privileges that you do not have.
The IDAPI caller privilege cannot be combined with any other privileges.
8.If the IDAPI caller , OTP IDAPI caller , or Guacamole IDAPI caller privilege is selected, you must 8.
c on figur e  the Allowed network addresses for remote API access field.  This is used to specify the IP
addresses from which the product administrator  is allowed to connect to the Bravura Security Fabric
API.
If Bravura Security Fabric is behind a reverse proxy, you can get the original Client IP from HTTP
header X-Forwarded-For by enabling the system variable TRUSTED REVERSE PROXY .
This field  uses Classless Inter-Domain R outing  (CIDR).
9.If the OTP IDAPI caller privilege is selected, you can c on figur e  the Number of hours between 9.
password r andomiz ations  field.  By default, the OTP user’s password will randomize on every login.
10. Click Add at the bottom  of the form. 10.
Administrator groups
To de fine  an Administrator group:
1.Click Manage the system  > Security > Access to product features  > Administrator groups . 1.
2.Click Add new... . 2.
3.Type an ID and Description  for the new Administrator group. 3.
4.Assign Allowed privileges  by choosing: 4.
▪All to give the group the same adminis tr ativ e  privileges as the superuser you created during setup. ▪
▪Selected privileges ▪
The following table describes all available adminis tr ativ e  privileges. It also includes the internal
keyword – used in c on figur ation  files,  plugin input/output, and by the adm_set program – for
each privilege.Adminis tr ativ e  privileges
Right Keyword Description
General system c onfigur ation
Manage
resourcesresource The product administrator can manage target systems, auto-discovered objects,
and other resources.
Manage
policiespolicy The product administrator can manage user classes, segr eg ation  of duties  (SoD),
authentic ation  and identific ation  policies, authentic ation  chains, question  sets,
import rules, login options.
Manage
notific ationsmngnotif s The product administrator can manage notific ations  and notific ation-r ela t ed
scheduled jobs.
Con figur e
w orkflo w
setupw orkflo w The product administrator can c on figur e  w orkflo w .
Con figur e
modulesmodule The product administrator can modify web modules c on figur ation.
Maintain
serversmaintain The product administrator can manage services, schedule jobs, and c on figur e
auto discovery.
Manage
reportsrunreport The product administrator can run or schedule reports from the Manage reports
app.
Analytics analytics The product administrator can run, save or read reports from the Analytics  app.
Recompute
Analytics
cacher ec analyticsc asch The product administrator can update the cached data on dashboards from the
Analytics  app.
Con figur e
Login Managermanagesso The product administrator can c on figur e  Login ManagerRight Keyword Description
Manage
external data
storeextdb The product administrator can Manage external data store.
Dashboards
View
certific ation
dashboardviewcertdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the certific ation
dashboard.
View
privileged
access
dashboardviewpswdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the privileged
access dashboard.
View w orkflo w
dashboardviewworkdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the w orkflo w
dashboard.
View
enrollment
dashboardviewpsadash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the enrollment
dashboard.
View OrgChart
dashboardvieworgdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the OrgChart
dashboard.
View helpdesk
dashboardviewhelpdeskdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the help desk
dashboard.
Recompute
dashboard
cacherecdashcache The product administrator can use the View dashboards to update the cached
data on dashboards.
Security adminis tr ationRight Keyword Description
Manage
securitysecurity The product administrator can manage User access rules and Options  in the
Manage the system Security menu.
Manage
product
administratorconsole The product administrator can create and manage other product administrators.
A product administrator may only manage or create new product administrators
with equal or lesser rights assigned to them. A product administrator cannot
manage his or her own rights.
Manage user
groupsmngacl The product administrator can manage user access controls in the Manage the
system module.
Privileged access management
Create
managed
system policiescreategroup The product administrator can create managed system policies in the Manage
the system. As owner of the managed system policy, the product administrator
has access to the policy but not the passwords managed by the policy - that
permission must be specific ally  assigned via user group access controls.
Manage
orphan
managed
systemsmngorphanres The product administrator can manage orphaned systems (not a member of a
managed system policy) in the Manage the system.
Create
managed
systemscreateres The product administrator can add a user-managed system in the Manage the
system.
Manage
managed
system policiesgroupmgmt The product administrator can be granted access to modify or remove e xisting
managed system policies in the Manage the system. Access to managed system
policies must also be granted in the Manage the system > Security > Privileged
access to systems  menu. The product administrator cannot update user groups
of which they are a member. This right does not give the product administrator
access to orphan managed systems, nor access groups of which they are an
e xisting  member.
Recover last
managed
passwordrecoverpwd The product administrator can recover the last stored managed password for a
managed account, regardless of the state of the target (whether it is managed,
unmanaged or remanaged) using the RecoverKeyByAccount function  call and
OTP caller and LogonEx to connect to the API service.
Access certific ationRight Keyword Description
Manage
certific ation
processcertif y The product administrator can manage the access certific ation  process, by which
one or more reviewers c on firm  or remove access privileges of users, and remove
stale users.
Initia t e
entitlemen t
certific ation
campaignssingleuser certif y The product administrator can initia t e  a access certific ation  process, by which a
single reviewer can c on firm  or remove access privileges of users, and remove
stale users.
OrgChart management
Start Org
building
roundscreateorg The product administrator can use the Manage the OrgChart to initia t e  OrgChart
building rounds.
Manage the
OrgChartupdateorg The product administrator can use the Manage the OrgChart to manually change
the OrgChart structure.
Remote API
IDAPI caller apicaller The product administrator can access the API Service (idapi) Login function  from
the IP addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the IDAP caller right to an administrator group with other
rights.
OTP IDAPI
callerotpcaller The product administrator can access the API Service LoginEx function  from the
IP addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.  The LoginEx
function  gains access to the KMKeyGetByAccount function,  which is used to
retrieve passwords that Bravura Privilege  manages.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the OTP IDAP caller right to an administrator group with other
rights.Right Keyword Description
Guacamole
IDAPI callerguacamolecaller The product administrator can access the API Service Login function  from the IP
addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.  The Login function
gains access to the CheckoutParamsGet and CheckoutStatusGet functions,  which
is used for a Guacamole gateway to periodically check whether a managed
account checkout is still valid during an activ e  Guacamole access disclosure
session.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the Guacamole IDAPI caller right to an administrator group
with other rights.
R eplic ation
Con figur e
r eplic ationr eplic ation The product administrator can c on figur e  database r eplic ation  (Manage the
system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation )
View in f ormation
View
in f ormation:T ar g e t
systemsviewhost The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about target systems
via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Manag ed
groupsviewmgrp The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about managed
groups via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:R olesviewrole The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about roles via
embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Segr eg ation
of duties  rulesviewsod The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about segr eg ation  of
duties  rules via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:User
classesviewuc The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about user classes via
embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Acc oun tsviewacct The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about accounts via
embedded links.Right Keyword Description
View
in f ormation:Pr e-
de fined
requestsviewpdr The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about pr e-de fined
requests via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:T empla t e
accountsviewtpl The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about template
accounts via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:User
notific ationsvie wntf The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about user
notific ations  via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Certific ation
campaignsviewcert The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about certific ation
campaigns via embedded links.
if you want users in the group to retain any access to self-service or help desk menus.
You cannot modify any privileges that you do not have.
5.Click Add at the bottom  of the form. 5.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Administrator group in f ormation  page.
6.Click the Membership criteria tab to select or create user classes that de fine  group membership. 6.
7. De fine  group membership criteria by: 7.
▪ Selecting  e xisting  user classes: ▪
i.Click Select... . i.
ii.If required, click Edit 
  for any user classes that need to be modified  before you select them. ii.
iii.Enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want to select as membership criteria, then clickiii.
Select .
▪ Cr eating  a new user class: ▪
i.Click 
 Create a new user class . i.
See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for details on how to create a new user class.
8.If you have selected multiple  user classes, select whether the participan ts  are required to match All of 8.
the user classes or Any of the user classes . The default setting  is All of the user classes .
Once you have finished  de fining  membership criteria, you can click the Test tab to test membership of
individual product administrator s, or List members.Membership of non-built-in user classes can be cached to improve performance. There are options  to
recalculate or invalidate the cache on the user class c on figur ation  page.
In a replicated environment, cache rec alculation  can only be performed on the instance which runs
psupdate .
Example: Create a console-only product administrator
This example shows you how to create a product administrator who has limited access to product
features. This will create a pr ofile  ID with a password that is v erified  against the Bravura Security Fabric
database only; the user will not have an account on a target system. For a detailed procedure see
De fining  product administrators from the web interface  (on page 674).
To create a console-only product administrator:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to product features > Individual administrators . 2.
3.Click Add new.. . 3.
4.Enter the following values:4.
ID admin1
Name  admin1
Password / Con firm  password  North*1
5.Select the Password never expires  checkbox. 5.
6.Select " All " Allowed privileges : 6.
7.Click Add at the bottom  of the page to add the user. 7.
This creates a user who can only perform adminis tr ativ e  tasks (console-only access). Because the ID is not
mapped to accounts on target systems, the user cannot access the self-service or help desk menus.
Test the adminis tr ativ e  privileges
The Show e ff ectiv e  privileges  function  allows you to view the product administrator privileges for any
user.
To do this:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to product features > Show e ff ectiv e  privileges . 1.
2.Type the ID of the User  you just created, admin1 . 2.
3.Click Test. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the results of the test.
You will notice  that the privileges listed are the ones setup during the admin1 administrator cr eation.
Login as the product administrator
Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as admin1  to review the menu options  the privileges provide.You will notice  this user has the same administrator menu options  as superuser.
Example: De fine  a product administrator group
This example de fines  a product administrator group of auditors who have limited access to product
features. It shows how to use the built-in REPORT_READERS administrator group, and include users who
also have accounts on target systems. For a detailed procedure see De fining  product administrators from
the web interface  (on page 674).
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system has been c on figur ed. ▪
Define  the product administrator group
To de fine  a product administrator group:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to product features > Administrator groups . 2.
3.Select REPORT_READERS . 3.
4.Leave the default settings.  This group has the following allowed privileges: 4.
▪Manage reports▪
5.Click the Membership criteria  tab. 5.
The membership of the REPORT_READERS  administrator group is de fined  by the  _REPORT_READERS_
user class.
6.Click the edit icon 
  next to _REPORT_READERS_ . 6.
7.In the user class c on figur ation  pop-up window, click the Criteria  tab. 7.
8.In the group memberships table, click Add new… 8.
9.In the Target system  field,  enter AD. 9.
10. Search for and select the AUDIT-GENERAL  group. 10.
11. Click Add. 11.
12. Click the Test tab and click List to see the users that are now members of the _REPORT_READERS_ 12.
user class.
13. Return to the General  tab and next to the option  for Membership cache valid  click Recalculate . 13.
14. Close the user class c on figur ation  window. 14.
15. Click the General  tab of the REPORT_READERS  administrator group. 15.
16. If the Membership cache valid  value is "No", click Recalculate . 16.
17. Click Update . 17.This puts members of the AUDIT-GENERAL group in the REPORT_READERS  administrator group. These
users can perform some adminis tr ativ e  tasks, and can also access the self-service menus.  
Test the adminis tr ativ e  privileges
To test the adminis tr ativ e  privileges:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to product features > Show e ff ectiv e  privileges . 1.
2.In the User  field,  type the name of a user in the AUDIT-GENERAL group that was added to the 2.
_REPORT_READERS_  user class.
3.Click Test. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  should list ’Manage reports’ as a privilege for this user.
Login as a REPORT_READERS administrator group member
Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as the named user. You should see that the user now has access to the
Manage reports  option  in the Adminis tr ativ e  options  section.
De fining  product administrators from the command prompt
As an alt ernativ e  to using the web interface  (on page 674), you can de fine  product administrator s from the
command prompt using the adm_set  program; for example:
adm_set.exe -user SmithJ -acl <ACL list> 
You cannot grant any adminis tr ativ e  privileges that you do not have.
See adm_set usage in f ormation
adm_set.exe -user <profile ID> [-name "<full name>"]
        [-pass <password> [-noexpire ] | -nopass]
        [-type A | -acl <rights list> ]
        [-delete | -enable | -disable | -unlock]
        [-ipmask <IP/CIDRmask>]
        [-nooverwrite]
Argument Description
-acl <rights list> Grant the rights specified  in the <rights list> to the user.
The <rights list> consists of a sequence of keywords
separated by spaces. See Adminis tr ativ e  privileges
The following table describes all available
adminis tr ativ e  privileges. It also includes the
internal keyword – used in c on figur ation  files,  plugin
input/output, and by the adm_set program – for
each privilege.
Adminis tr ativ e  privileges