To de fine  questions  for a question  set:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Question  sets . 1.
2.Click:2.
▪ Pr e-de fined  questions  to add questions  to a pr e-de fined  internal set. ▪
or
▪External questions  to add questions  to an external pr e-de fined  set. ▪
3.Select the question  set that you want to add questions  to. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Question  set in f ormation  page.
4.Select an e xisting  question,  or click Add new… in the Question  de finition  in f ormation  section. 4.
5.Type the Question , Minimum length of answer , and Maximum length of answer in the appropriate 5.
fields.
See Suggested questions
Following is a list of suggested questions:
▪First school attended ▪
▪Favorite board game▪
▪Favorite song▪
▪Favorite dessert▪
▪Favorite book character▪
▪Furthest place traveled▪
▪Color of fir s t car ▪
▪Birth city▪
▪High school mascot▪
▪Childhood street name▪
▪Favorite actor/actress/celebrity is▪
▪Last 6 digits of your SSN▪
▪Favorite band▪
▪Name of fir s t girlfriend/boyfriend ▪
for some example question  text.
6. (Optional)  Type a F ormatted  string of answer to de fine  a format string to which answers must 6.
conform.
See F ormatted  string help
You can force answers to pr e-de fined  questions  to conform to a certain format:
Character Meaning
A Any alphabetic  characters
C Any alphanumeric characters
N Any numeric characters
X Any charactersYou can also include literal characters and spaces in the f ormatted  string. For example:
String Answer
NNN NNN NNN 123 456 789
NNN-NNNN 555-1234
NNNN/NN/NN 1990/02/15
to learn how to do this.
7.Click Add. 7.
If you specified  a f ormatted  string, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  sets the minimum and
maximum length of the answer to match the length of the string.
Batch loading question  set data
Normally, users enter their challenge-response data using the Update security questions . Alt ernativ ely ,  you
can use the Bravura Security Fabric  remote API to batch-load users’ question  set data into the Bravura
Security Fabric  database.
A sample PSLang script, buildqa.psl , is available in the samples directory. The script can be used to
load answers into security question  pr ofiles  from a tab-separated text file. It can load answers into
internal, pr e-de fined,  or user -de fined  question  sets.
See the Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API guide ( api.pdf ) for more in f ormation  about the
QSe tQuestionsGet()  and UserAnswerSet() functions.
External question  sets and authentic ation  plugins
Bravura Security Fabric  can use external programs to retrieve security question  data, and to validate
answers in order to authentic a t e  Bravura Security Fabric  users. This allows you to integrate Bravura
Security Fabric  with human resources databases, or with external authentic ation  systems, such as token
or smart card systems.
This chapter shows you how to:
▪Write a custom program to interface with an external security question  database  (on page 1033) or ▪
authentic ation  system.
▪Enable plugins for external question  (on page 1036) sets to look up and store security question  data ▪
on an external system.
▪Enable plugins for external authentic ation  (on page 1036) to look up and store security question  data, ▪
and validate answers, on an external system.
▪Use shipped plugin odbcqa.exe  (on page 1037), which looks up and stores security question ▪
in f ormation  on an ODBC DSN c onnection  (Oracle or Micr osoft  SQL Server database).
▪Use shipped plugin resextqa.exe  (on page 1039) which manages security questions  using SHA1 ▪
hashing and stores security question  in f ormation  internally.
▪Write a custom program to validate answers  (on page 1040). ▪
See alsoAlt ernativ ely ,  you can c on figur e  a custom authentic ation  chain  (on page 841), using the Connector
package agent module ( agent.pss ) with a suitable connector to perform a user verify or challenge-
response oper ation.  See Use case: Adding RSA Authentic ation  method to Bravura Security Fabric  (on
page 878).
W riting  plugin programs for external security questions  and authentic ation
Authentic ation  plugins allow Bravura Security Fabric  to interface with any authentic ation  system. Each
plugin corresponds to a question  set c on figur ed  in the Bravura Security Fabric  system.
An authentic ation  plugin is a PSLang script or console executable that writes input/output as plain text in
KVGroup format. For more in f ormation  about PSLang see the PSLang Manual ( pslang.pdf ).
CGI programs can execute the authentic ation  plugin to perform one of four tasks. The tasks that an
authentic ation  plugin may be asked to perform depend on how the corresponding question  set is
c on figur ed.  However, the plugin will only be required to perform one oper ation  each time  it is run.
Bravura Security Fabric  can issue the following requests to the authentic ation  plugin:
▪Request questions ▪
Bravura Security Fabric  receives questions  from the authentic ation  plugin, and displays the questions
to the user.
▪Request questions  and answers ▪
Bravura Security Fabric  reads the questions  and answers from the authentic ation  plugin and internally
validates the responses from the user.
The External program provides answers along with questions  option  must be enabled for the question
set.
▪Validate answers▪
The authentic ation  plugin reads the responses provided by the user, and tells Bravura Security Fabric
whether or not the answers are valid.
The External program provides answers along with questions  option  must be disabled for the question
set.
▪Update questions  and answers ▪
When users update e xisting  questions  and add new ones, their changes are forwarded to the external
system.
The Users allowed to edit questions/ ans w er s  option  must be enabled for the question  set.
Input / output for authentic ation  plugins
This section  details input / output requirements for authentic ation  plugins when:
▪ R equesting  questions ▪
▪ R equesting  questions  and answers ▪
▪ V alidating  answers ▪
▪ E diting  questions  and answers ▪R equesting  questions
When the input in f ormation  from Bravura Security Fabric  includes a task action  of "questions",  the
authentic ation  plugin should write a list of questions  back to the CGI program.
Input:
     "action" "questions" = {
       "state" = "0"
       "userid" = "USER"
     }
The "state" can be any integer.
Output:
     "action" "questions" = {
       "returnval" = "RETURNVAL"
       "qid" "QID1" = {
         "question" = "QUESTION1"
         "answer" = "ANSWER1" (optional)
       }
       "qid" "QID2" = {
         "question" = "QUESTION2" (optional)
         "answer" = "ANSWER2"
       }
       ...
     }
If the External program provides answers along with questions  box is not checked in the question  set
c on figur ation  page, the answers will be ignored by the plugin.
For external pr e-de fined  question  sets, the "qid" values are expected to be the same as in the qdef table.
R equesting  questions  and answers
If the External program provides answers along with questions  box is checked in the question  set
c on figur ation  page, then the authentic ation  plugin must supply answers as well as questions.  The input /
output will be the same as in the above example, but the "answer" value is required.
V alidating  answers
When the input includes a task action  of "validate", the authentic ation  plugin should accept a list of
answers in the same form as above. The authentic ation  plugin receives an answer for every question  that
it supplied.
Input:
    "action" "validate" = {       "state" = "STATE"
       "qid" "QID1" = {
         "answer" = "ANSWER1"
       }
       "qid" "QID2" = {
         "answer" = "ANSWER2"
       }
       ...
     }
Output:
    "action" "validate" = {
      "returnval" = "RETURNVAL"
       // the following are optional
       "errmsg" = "ERRMSG"
       "state" = "STATE"
       "qid" "QID1" = {
         "answer" = "ANSWER1"
       }
       "qid" "QID2" = {
         "answer" = "ANSWER2"
       }
       ...
     }
Once the authentic ation  plugin receives all of the answers, it should check the answers for correctness. A
"returnval" value of 0 means the answers are valid. Any other "returnval" value means the answers are
not valid. The "errmsg" tag can be used to indicate the error for a failed oper ation.
E diting  questions  and answers
When input includes a task action  of "edit", the authentic ation  plugin should accept both questions  and
answers.
Input:
    "action" "edit" = {
      "qid" "QID1" = {
        "question" = "QUESTION1"
        "answer" = "ANSWER1"
      }
      "qid" "QID2" = {
        "question" = "QUESTION2"
        "answer" = "ANSWER2"      }
      ...
    }
If both question  and answers are blank, it indicates that the security question  pair was removed. The
questions  are not provided for pr e-de fined  question  sets.
Output:
    "action" "edit" = {
      "returnval" = "RETURNVAL"
     }
A "returnval" value of 0 means the update was successful.
Enabling plugins for external question  sets
To c on figur e  a plugin to look up and store security question  data on an external source, but validate the
responses in Bravura Security Fabric :
1.Write a custom plugin  (on page 1033), or a c on figur ation  script for a plugin shipped with Bravura 1.
Security Fabric . There are two shipped plugins:
▪odbcqa.exe  (on page 1037) looks up and stores security question  in f ormation  on an ODBC DSN ▪
c onnection.
▪resextqa.exe  (on page 1039) manages security questions  using SHA1 hashing and stores ▪
security question  in f ormation  internally.
2.Ensure the program is located in the plugin directory on the Bravura Security Fabric  server. 2.
If the program requires a script or c on figur ation  file, ensure that the file is also located in this
directory.
3.Add an external question  set (on page 1024). 3.
4.Enable the authentic ation  method: 4.
▪Using the Manage the system  > Modules  > Front-end  (PSF) menu: ▪
▪Set PSF EXT to Security questions  or User selectable . ▪
▪Ensure that PSFEXT VALUES includes response.pss . ▪
or
▪By adding a security question  authentic ation  module to an authentic ation  chain  (on page 841). ▪
This method provides more fle xible  c on figur ation  options.
Enabling plugins for external authentic ation
To enable a plugin to look up and store security question  data, and validate responses on an external
program:
1.Write a custom plugin  (on page 1033). 1.
2.Ensure the program is located in the plugin directory on the Bravura Security Fabric  server. 2.If the program requires a script or c on figur ation  file, ensure that the file is also located in this
directory.
3.If required, add an external question  set. 3.
This is optional  if the external program can validate responses. You can add an external question  set if
you want users to de fine  questions  or answers to complete their pr ofile.
4.Enable the authentic ation  method: 4.
▪Using the Manage the system  > Modules  > Front-end  (PSF) menu: ▪
▪Set PSF EXT to Security questions  or User selectable . ▪
You must select User selectable if you did not add a question  set.
▪Add the plugin or script name to PSFEXT VALUES . ▪
or
▪By adding an external authentic ation  module to an authentic ation  chain  (on page 841). ▪
This method provides more fle xible  c on figur ation  options.
ODBC (odbcqa)
The odbcqa external security questions  plugin program retrieves external question  and answer
in f ormation  from an ODBC c onnection,  including Oracle and Micr osoft  SQL Server.
To use this program:
1. Con figur e  an ODBC c onnection  DSN. 1.
To c on figur e  an ODBC c onnection  DSN:
1.Open ODBC Data Source Administrator.1.
From a 32-bit Windows server, go to S tart > Adminis tr ativ e  Tools > Data Sources (ODBC) . From a
64-bit Windows server, run C:\windows\SysWOW64\odbcad32.exe to open the 32-bit ODBC Data
Source Administrator.
2.Select the System DSN  tab. 2.
3.Click Add to add a new DSN. 3.
4.Select one of the listed data sources (SQL Server Nativ e  Client, or Oracle client). 4.
If you selected SQL Server Nativ e  Client:
a.Provide the Name of the data source , for example EXTQA_DSN, and select a server from the drop- a.
down list to choose a server to connect to, then click Next .
b.Select With SQL Server authentic ation  using a login ID and password entered by the user.  Provide b.
a valid login for the SQL Server you are c onnecting  to, and click Next .
c.Click Next to use Default database. c.
d.click Next to use default language. d.
e.Click Finish to finish  adding the data source. e.
f.Click Test Data Source  to test if the login provided is valid on the database server and then click OK f.
to quit the program.If you selected Oracle Client:
a.Provide a Data Source Name  (any name), Description  (any string), a valid TNS Service Name,  and a a.
valid User ID on the database server.
b.Click Test Connection  button  to test if the c onnection  to the server with provided cr edential  is b.
valid;
c.Click OK to finish  adding the Data Source. c.
2. Con figur e  the database server (SQL or Oracle). 2.
To c on figur e  the database server (SQL or Oracle):
1.Create two new tables on the server with the following table name and fields: 1.
Table name fields
allo w edquestions question
userqa pr ofileguid/pr ofilename,  question,  answer
▪ allo w edquestions  stores all questions  that available for the user to authentic a t e. ▪
▪userqa stores questions  and answers for individual users with pr ofileid/pr ofilename  specified. ▪
Which column, pr ofileguid  or pr ofilename,  you add to userqa depends on which script you
copied over.
2.Insert the questions  into the allo w edquestions  table. 2.
3.Edit the odbcqa.psl  file to suit your environment 3.
Con figur e  the odbcqa plugin using a file called odbcqa.psl.  Copy the odbcqa_guid.psl file or
odbcqa_name.psl file from the samples\ directory to the \<instance>\script\ directory, rename it to
odbcqa.psl , and edit it to suit your environment.
▪odbcqa_guid.psl  uses pr ofileguid  to identif y  user. Pr ofileguid  never changes once it is ▪
assigned to a user.
▪odbcqa_name.psl  uses pr ofilename  to identif y  user. Pr ofilename  is more user-friendly but it ▪
does not stay constant. You will have to manually change the entries for any user that has had a
pr ofilename  change
The file is written  using the PSLang language. For more in f ormation,  see the PSLang Manual
(pslang.pdf ).
Functions
The following function  must be included in the script:
▪ g e tQuestions  Retrieve questions  from the database server ▪
▪ g e tQuestionsAndAns w er s  Retrieve questions  and answers from the database server ▪
▪ t ar g etid  return the target system ID for the ODBC database ▪
▪validateAnswer validate that user’s answer is correct compared with the answer in the database. ▪
.
4.Add a NULL target system.4.Add a target system with the following c on figur ation:
▪Target type : NULL target system ▪
▪Target ID : by default, EXTQATARGET is de fined  in the odbcqa.psl  file ▪
▪Address : same ID as the system DSN ID; for example, EXTQA_DSN ▪
▪List accounts : unselected (disabled); ▪
▪ Cr edentials : The valid database access ID/password provided when cr eating  the system DSN. ▪
The rest of the settings  can be left as default.
5. Optionally ,  add an external question  set, and set the External program  to odbcqa 5.
Add an external question  set with the following c on figur ation:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Question  sets . 1.
2.Click External questions  (this includes external pr e-de fined  sets). 2.
3.If Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of e xisting  question  sets, click Add new… at the bottom  of 3.
the list.
4.Set appropriate options  for the new question  set. 4.
▪Set External program  to odbcqa.exe . ▪
▪External program provides questions  along with answers checkbox is deselected. ▪
▪Ask user to answer questions  from this set  checkbox is selected. ▪
5.Click Add. 5.
6.Click Add new  at the bottom  of the page 6.
7.Add questions  to the external question  set. 7.
.
6.Enable odbcqa as an authentic ation  method. 6.
Enable the authentic ation  method:
▪By adding a security question  authentic ation  module to an authentic ation  chain. ▪
This method provides more fle xible  c on figur ation  options.
Or,
▪By c on figuring  the default authentic ation  menu ( Manage the system > Modules> Front-end (PSF) ): ▪
▪Set PSF EXT  to Security questions  or User selectable . ▪
▪Ensure that PSFEXT VALUES  includes response.pss . ▪
SHA1 hashing (resextqa)
The resextqa  is a shipped plugin program which is used to manage security questions  and answers by
using SHA1 hash in external question  sets.
To use this program, add an external question  set and set the External program  to resextqa.exe:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Question  sets . 1.
2.Click External questions  (this includes external pr e-de fined  sets). 2.3.If Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of e xisting  question  sets, click Add new… at the bottom  of the 3.
list.
4.Set appropriate options  for the new question  set. 4.
▪Set External program  to resextqa.exe . ▪
▪External program provides questions  along with answers checkbox is deselected. ▪
▪Ask user to answer questions  from this set  checkbox is selected. ▪
5.Click Add. 5.
6.Click Add new  at the bottom  of the page 6.
7.Add questions  to the external question  set. 7.
Security question  response v alidation
The security question  response plugin provides additional  v alidation  logic of pr e-de fined  and user -
de fined  questions  and answers. The plugin is executed when users are updating  their security question
pr ofile.
To c on figur e  this type of plugin:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Question  sets . 1.
2.Select or add a pr e-de fined  or user -de fined  question  set. 2.
3.Set Plugin for v alidating  answers  to the name of your plugin. 3.
4.Click Update 4.
There is no shipped plugin in use with this plugin point. See more in f ormation  on writing  a custom plugin
Requirements
See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Input
The input KVGroup to the plugin is in the format:
"qarule" "" = {
   "qsid" = "<questionsetid>"
   "sessionid" = "<sessionid>"
   "<questionid_assigned_by_instance>" "" = {
     "answer" = "<answer_to_test>"
     "question" = "<human-readable question>"
   }
 }
Where <questionsetid>  is the question  set ID, <answer_to_test> is the answer provided by the user, and
<human-readable question>  is the question  being answered.
Output