GLOBAL_HELP_DESK De fines  privileges for basic, front-line help desk users. By default, the
membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the
_GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_ user class.
HELP_DESK_MANAGER De fines  privileges for all help desk managers.
By default, the membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the
_HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_ user class.
Note: The Unlock accounts , Manage tokens and Generate voice print
enrollment PIN privileges all require c on figur ation.  If not yet c on figur ed,
"(Disabled)” is displayed next to their name.
The Update security questions , View security questions , and Bypass security
questions  privileges have "(Disabled)” displayed next to their name, when the
Update security questions  (PSQ) module is disabled.
See User access rule privileges  (on page 714) for details on each privilege.
▪Self-service rules▪
▪Specify what self-service users can do for themselves.▪
▪Apply to users in a single-participan t  user class - that is, individual users are included based on ▪
an attribut e  or group membership.
The default self-service rule is:
ALL_SELF_REQUEST All self-service users who make requests for themselves. By default,
membership is de fined  by the _ALLUSERS_ user class.
The Unlock accounts , Manage tokens and Generate voice print enrollment PIN privileges all
require c onfiguration.  If not yet c onfigured,  "(Disabled)” is displayed next to their name.
The Update security questions  privilege has "(Disabled)” displayed next to it when the Update
security questions  is disabled. If this privilege is not selected, users are not required to update their
security questions  when logging in, and the link is not displayed on the main menu.
See User access rule privileges  (on page 714) for details on each privilege.
▪Delegated adminis tr ation  rules ▪
 Applies to Bravura Identity
▪Allow the same privileges as the global help desk rules.▪
▪Include users based on a relational  user class – that is, there are multiple  participan ts  which are ▪
de fined  as either requester or recipient. An example of this is a manager-subordinate
r elationship.
▪Specify what the requester can do for the recipient.▪
▪Have no default rules de fined. ▪
See User access rule privileges  (on page 714) for details on each privilege.
See Example: Delegate a certific ation  segment when the reviewer is invalidBusiness requirement
Or g aniz ations  require the ability to sign off on a certific ation  campaign when the initial  reviewer is
no longer a valid user.
Solution
A superuser can create deleg ation  adminis tr ation  rules in Bravura Security Fabric  to enable a
certific ation  segment to be delegated to a valid user. The valid user can then complete the
certific ation  round.
The following demonstrates how to c on figur e  delegated adminis tr ativ e  rules using the Deleg ation
authority  privilege to delegate an invalid user’s certific ation  segment to a valid user.
In this example, a superuser creates two delegated adminis tr ativ e  rules with the Deleg ation
authority  privilege:
▪One rule specifying NEWUSER  as the RECIPIENT. This rule enables the Delegate authority  link ▪
under Other users .
▪Another rule specifying ALLUSERS  as the RECIPIENT. This rule enables the Show invalid  icon 
 ▪
to display when selecting  the user whose authority you need to delegate.
This setup is for demons tration  purposes only; in a production  environment it is recommended
that you restrict access to the "Delegate authority" privilege to specific  users through a global
helpdesk rule
Pre-requisites
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack  installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system is added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪There is an activ e  certific a t e  segment where the reviewer has been deleted in the target system. ▪
Configur e  the fir s t delegated adminis tr ativ e  rule:
1.Log in to the front-end as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s > Delegated adminis tr ation  rules . 2.
3.Click Add new. 3.
▪ID: Rule 1▪
▪ Description:  Rule 1 ▪
4.Select Delegate authority  for Allowed privileges. 4.
Click Add.
5.Click Membership criteria  tab. 5.
Click Select.
6.Select the _ALLUSERS_ user class.6.7.Select RECIPIENT  for P articipan t  mapping. 7.
Click Select.
8.Select the _ALLUSERS_ user class.8.
9.Select REQUESTER  for P articipan t  mapping. 9.
10. Set The participan ts  have to match which of the user classes to All of the user classes . 10.
Configur e  the second delegated adminis tr ativ e  rule:
1.Log in to the front-end as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s > Delegated adminis tr ation 2.
rules.
3.Click Add new. 3.
4.Click Add new. 4.
▪ID: Rule 2▪
▪ Description:  Rule 2 ▪
5.Select Delegate authority  for Allowed privileges. 5.
Click Add.
6.Click Membership criteria  tab. 6.
Click Select.
7.Select the _NEWUSER_ user class.7.
8.Select RECIPIENT  for P articipan t  mapping. 8.
Click Select.
9.Select the _ALLUSERS_ user class.9.
10. Select REQUESTER for P articipan t  mapping. 10.
11. Set The participan ts  have to match which of the user classes to All of the user classes . 11.
Delegate an invalid user’s certific a t e  segment to an valid user:
1.Log in to the front-end as an end user.1.
2.Click Delegate authority  in the Other users section. 2.
3.Click Show invalid . 3.
4.Click the deleted reviewer link to open the deleg ation  page. 4.
5.On the deleg ation  page, select a valid user as the delegate. 5.
for an example.
▪ Pr ofile  comparison rules ▪
 Applies to Bravura Identity
▪Are r elational,  and have multiple  participan ts  which are de fined  as requester, recipient, or ▪
model user.▪Determine which requester can modify/create which recipient based on model user. They also▪
de fine  which requester can use which model user.
▪Have no default rules de fined. ▪
▪Can only be de fined  by mapping participan ts  to user class. Privileges are determined by other ▪
rules and user groups.
3.Search for or select an e xisting  user access rule, or click Add new... 3.
De fine:
▪User access rule privileges  (on page 714) ▪
▪Membership criteria  (on page 719) ▪
If de fining  profile  comparison rules, you only define  membership criteria, and there is no need to
select a rule. There is in e ff ect  one rule.
User access rule privileges
The following table describes all available user access rule privileges. It also includes the keyword, used in
c on figur ation  files and plugin input/output – for each privilege. These privileges can only be granted to
users who have an account on a Bravura Security Fabric  target system.
Right Keyword Description
Change passwords reset Self-service users can change their own
passwords.
Help desk users can change users’ passwords.
Change and expire
passwordsresetexpirepw Help desk users can change and expire users’
passwords.
Unlock encrypted systems/
accountshdd Self-service users can unlock their own
encrypted systems and accounts.
Unlock accounts unlock Self-service users can unlock their own target
system accounts.
Help desk users can unlock users’ target system
accounts.
Enable/Disable user pr ofile pr ofileenable Help desk users can enable/disable users’
pr ofiles.
Unlock user pr ofile pr ofileunlock Help desk users can unlock users’ pr ofiles.
View pr ofile view Self-service users can view their own pr ofile
in f ormation.
Help desk users can view the pr ofile  in f ormation
of other users.
View accounts viewacct Self-service users can view their own account
and group in f ormation.
Help desk users can view the account and group
in f ormation  of other users.Right Keyword Description
View roles viewrole Self-service users can view their own role
in f ormation.
Help desk users can view the role in f ormation  of
other users.
Update account (for pr ofile
comparison)update Self-service users can edit their own pr ofile
in f ormation  when comparing their pr ofile  with
another user.
Help desk users can update other users’ pr ofile
in f ormation  when comparing the user’s pr ofile
with another user.
Add roles (for pr ofile
comparison)addrole Self-service users can add roles when comparing
their pr ofile  with another user.
Help desk users can add roles when comparing
pr ofiles.
Delete roles (for pr ofile
comparison)delrole Self-service users can delete when comparing
their pr ofile  with another user.
Help desk users can delete roles when
comparing pr ofiles.
Create account (for pr ofile
comparison)create Self-service users can add new accounts when
comparing their pr ofile  with another user.
Help desk users can add accounts when
comparing pr ofiles.
Delete account (for pr ofile
comparison)delete Self-service users can delete their accounts
when comparing their pr ofile  with another user.
Help desk users can delete accounts when
comparing users.
Manage group
memberships (for pr ofile
comparison)managegroups Self-service users can modify their own group
memberships when comparing their pr ofile  with
another user.
Help desk users can modify users’ managed
group membership when comparing pr ofiles.
Check in access ppmreqrevoke Help desk users can check in another user’s
privileged access.
Rename account rename Self-service users can request to rename their
own account ID.
Help desk users can request to rename another
user’s account ID.
Rename pr ofile r enamepr ofile Self-service users can request to rename their
own pr ofile  ID.
Help desk users can request to rename another
user’s pr ofile  ID.Right Keyword Description
Move user from one
context to anothermovectx Self-service users can move their accounts from
one target system context to another.
Help desk users can move users’ accounts from
one target system context to another.
View open requests viewreqopen Self-service users, including requesters,
recipients, and authorizers, can view their open
requests.
Help desk users can view other users’ open
requests.
View archived requests viewreqclosed Self-service users can view their archived
requests.
Help desk users can view other users’ archived
requests.
View pr ofile  history viewhistory Self-service users can view their own pr ofile
history.
Help desk users can view other users’ pr ofile
history.
Delegate w orkflo w
requestsdelegmang Help desk users can delegate the r esponsibilities
of a user to another user.
Manage w orkflo w  requests flo wmang Help desk users can act on individual
authoriz ation  requests of other users.
View w orkflo w  requests vie w w orkflo w Help desk users can view individual
authoriz ation  requests of other users. This rule
does not allow users to act on requests of other
users.
Delegate authority delegate Self-service users can delegate their own
authority to another user.
Help desk users can delegate other users’
authority to another user.
Update security questions editqa Self-service users can edit their own security
question  pr ofiles.
Help desk users can edit users’ security question
pr ofiles.
Question  sets must have their help desk
permissions c on figur ed  so that they can be
viewed by help desk users.
The Update security questions  must be enabled.Right Keyword Description
View security questions viewqa Help desk users can view users’ security
question  pr ofiles.
Question  sets must be have their help desk
permissions c on figur ed  so that they can be
viewed by help desk users.
The Update security questions  must be enabled.
Bypass security questions bypassqa Help desk users can bypass security question
authentic ation  when helping a user.
If a question  set requires authentic ation,  help
desk users with this right are presented with a
Skip authentic ation  button.  Help desk users
who do not have this right must correctly
authentic a t e  the caller before proceeding. This
user access rule works in c onjunction  with
ADMIN AUTHUSR MANDATORY.
View answers to security
questionsshowans Self-service users can view answers to security
questions,  by clicking a Show answers  button,
when viewing their own security question
pr ofile.  Normally, answers are obscured.
Help desk users can view answers to security
questions,  by clicking a Show answers  button,
when viewing a user’s security question  pr ofiles.
Question  sets must be have their help desk
permissions c on figur ed  so that they can be
viewed by help desk users.
The Update security questions  must be enabled.
Attach  other accounts editids Self-service users can add or remove e xisting  IDs
from their pr ofiles.
Help desk users can attach  or detach accounts
from users’ pr ofiles.
Request access to network
resourcesnetres Self-service users can request access to network
resources for themselves.
Help desk users can request access to network
resources for others.
Browse the OrgChart vieworg Self-service users can browse the OrgChart.
This option  is not available for help desk users.
View my subordinates manageorg Self-service users can use the OrgChart to
attach,  detach, or transfer their subordinates to
another manager.
Help desk users can use the OrgChart to attach,
detach, or transfer another user’s subordinates
to another manager.Right Keyword Description
Privileged access pwdaccess Self-service users can access the Privileged
access to request and check out privileged
access.
Remove recorded session
packagessmonremove Help desk users can remove recorded session
packages created by other users.
Request check-out
extensionsextendcheckout Self-service users can request extensions to
checked out privileged access.
Manage recorded sessions smonmanage Self-service users can request the ability to
search recorded sessions initia t ed  by a specified
user.
Pre-approved search of my
recorded sessionssmonsearch Self-service users can search recorded sessions
of initia t ed  by themselves, without r equesting
authoriz ation.  In addition,  users will require the
"Manage recorded sessions" privilege to access
the Session monitor.
Pre-approved search of all
recorded sessionssmonsearchother Self-service users can search recorded sessions
initia t ed  by any user, without r equesting
authoriz ation.  In addition,  users will require the
"Manage recorded sessions" privilege to access
the Session monitor.
Pre-approved download of
recorded sessionssmonview Self-service users can download recorded
sessions initia t ed  by themselves, without
r equesting  authoriz ation.  In addition,  users will
require the "Manage recorded sessions"
privilege to access the Session monitor.
Pre-approved view of
recorded sessionssmonbrowserview Self-service users can view recorded sessions
initia t ed  by themselves, in a browser, without
r equesting  authoriz ation.  In addition,  users will
require the "Manage recorded sessions"
privilege to access the Session monitor.
Enable password
s ynchr oniz ationregister Self-service users can synchronize their
passwords.
This option  is not available for help desk users.
Generate voice print
enrollment PINivrreg Self-service users can generate their own voice
print enrollment PIN.
Help desk users can generate a voice print
enrollment PIN for other users.
Manage tokens token Self-service users can manage their own security
tokens.
Help desk users can manage other users’ tokens.Right Keyword Description
Requests trackreq Self-service users can access the Requests to
track and act on requests.
Groups viewgroups Self-service users can access the Groups to view
and request changes to group membership.
Initia t e  a review of all
entitlemen tsadhoccertif y Users can initia t e  a review of all entitlemen ts  for
another user, to c on firm  or remove access
privileges.
Manage mobile devices mobile Self-service users can register and activ a t e  their
own mobile devices.
Help desk users can view and delete mobile
devices on behalf of other users.
Personal vault personalvault Self-service users can access a personal vault of
account in f ormation  and passwords.
De fining  membership criteria
A user access rule can have one or more users as members. Membership criteria for a rule is de fined  by
selecting  or cr eating  user classes. Users must be participan ts  of the selected user classes in order to have
membership in the user access rule.
See User Classes  (on page 733) for more details on user classes.
To de fine  membership criteria for a user access rule:
1.Navigate to the user access rule de finition  page  (on page 710) for the rule you want to de fine. 1.
2.Click the Membership criteria tab to select or create user classes that de fine  user access rule 2.
membership.
This is not required for pr ofile  comparison rules, which are only de fined  by membership criteria.
3.Add user classes to the rule. To de fine  rule membership criteria: 3.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want to ▪
add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click Create a new user class . ▪
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  group membership.
4. Con figur e  criteria for multiple  classes: 4.
▪ De fine  whether users are required to match All of the user classes or Any of the user classes . ▪
▪For a delegated adminis tr ation  rule, map user class participan ts  as either REQUESTER or ▪
RECIPIENT . There must be at least one of each.
▪For pr ofile  comparison rules, map user class participan ts  as either REQUESTER , RECIPIENT , or ▪
MODELUSER .For example the user class _MANAGER_DIRECT_ links a manager and a subordinate; you can
de fine  the manager as requester and the subordinate as the recipient or model user. Arrange user
classes so you have a de fined  r elationship  between a requester and a recipient, and between a
requester and a model user.
5.Click Update to save your settings. 5.
Once you have finished  de fining  membership criteria, you can click the Test tab to Test membership or
List members .
Membership of non-built-in user classes can be cached to improve performance. There are options  to
recalculate or invalidate the cache on the user class c on figur ation  page.
In a replicated environment, cache rec alculation  can only be performed on the instance which runs
psupdate .
Removing users from membership
To remove users from rule membership, you can:
▪Edit user classes  (on page 803) to change the participan ts. ▪
▪Delete user classes from the membership criteria.▪
a.From the membership criteria page, enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want toa.
delete.
b.Click Delete . b.
Example: De fine  help desk rules
This example shows you how to provide a group of users the appropriate access so they can assist users
to change their passwords.
Assumptions
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack  are installed. ▪
▪The ins t allation  includes a Bravura Pass  license. ▪
▪There is an Activ e  Directory target system set up as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪A user group on Activ e  Directory has been mapped to the _GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_ user class. ▪
▪A security question  set is set up to allow help desk users to authentic a t e  other users before helping ▪
them.
Steps
Use the Access to user profiles  page to de fine  global help desk rules:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system >  Security > Access to user pr ofiles . 2.
3.Click Global help desk rules . 3.