Click this link To access this functionality
Roles Set up roles that can be used assign requirements for a set of users.
Details Roles  (on page 556)
Groups Enable Bravura Security Fabric  to manage group membership for certain target systems.
Details Groups  (on page 585)
Network resources Enable users to request access to network resources such as Activ e  Directory network shares and printers.
Details Network Resources  (on page 575)
Oper ation  dependencies Set up dependencies that control how data is exchanged between connectors; for example, the cr eation  of an Exchange mailbox can be made
dependent on an Activ e  Directory account.
Details Oper ation  Dependencies  (on page 645)
Resource attribut es De fine  common and reusable attribut es  for resources.
Details Resource Attribut es  (on page 651)
Resource attribut e  groups De fine  c ollections  of resource attribut es.
Details Resource Attribut e  Groups  (on page 667)
Options Options  for role-based access control enforcement.
Details Setting  global role enforcement options  (on page 2412)
Policies
You must have the "Manage policies"  right to access the full Policies menu.
Click this link To access this functionality
User classes Set up user classes that can be used to segment the user population.
Details User classes  (on page 158)
Segr eg ation  of duties  rules Set up rules that provide a way of identif ying  e x ceptions  to roles or possible access c on flicts.
Details Segr eg ation  of duties  rules  (on page 826)
Authentic ation  priority Prioritiz e  target systems used to authentic a t e  users when accessing Bravura Security Fabric .
Details Setting  the target system authentic ation  order  (on page 826)
Identific ation  priority Prioritiz e  target systems that users can select to identif y  themselves when accessing Bravura Security Fabric .
Details Identif ying  users  (on page 821)
Password policies Modify and apply strength rules to Bravura Security Fabric ’s global, centrally-managed password policy.
Details Password policy  (on page 84)
Question  sets Con figur e  question  sets that are used to authentic a t e  users.
Details Question  Sets  (on page 1024)
Login options Con figur e  options  for login.
Details Login options  (on page 830)
User notific ations Con figur e  notific ation  of users of compliance requirements, password expiry, and other events.
You must have the "Manage notific ations"  adminis tr ativ e  privilege to access the User notific ations  sub-menu item.
Details Batch and web notific ation  (on page 431)Click this link To access this functionality
Authentic ation  chains Customize authentic ation  to Bravura Security Fabric  using multiple  methods.
Details Authentic ation  chains  (on page 836)
System interfaces Con figur e  interfaces with external systems.
Details Keeping passwords secret from product administrators  (on page 836)
REST API authoriz ation  policies Search, download, or reset REST API authoriz ation  policies to default.
Details REST API Authoriz ation  policies.  (on page 3469).
Options Con figur e  general login and authentic ation  policy options.
Details Authentic ation  policy options  (on page 833)
Privileged access
Some of the options  in this menu are only available with a full Bravura Privilege license 
 .
Click this link To access this functionality
Managed systems Add, delete and c on figur e  managed systems.
Details Managed Systems  (on page 1815)
Managed systems policies Add, delete and modify managed systems policies.
Details Managed system policies  (on page 1807)
Import rules Add, delete and modify import rules.
Details Import rules  (on page 2095)
Access disclosure plugins Add, delete and modify access disclosure plugins.
Details Access disclosure plugins  (on page 242)
Manual password r andomiz ation  batches View the manual password r andomiz ation  results.
Details Reviewing r andomiz ation  results  (on page 1876)
Local w ork s t ation  service ins t allation
packageGenerate ins t allation  key and download local w ork s t ation  service ins t allation  package.
Details Downloading the ins t allation  package  (on page 1816)
Node assignments Change the service linked to a managed system policy.
Details Changing a managed system policy’s service ID  (on page 1932)
Options Con figur e  general privileged access options.
Details Privileged access management options  (on page 1932)
W orkflo w
The options  on the W orkflo w  menu enable you to c on figur e  common w orkflo w  objects and w orkflo w
logic. The table below details the available menu options.  You must have the "Con figur e  w orkflo w  setup"
right to access this menu.Click this link To access this functionality
Pr e-de fined  requests Con figur e  pr e-de fined  requests to de fine  requests in terms that users understand, and reduce the number and complexity of steps.
Details Pr e-de fined  Requests  (on page 1930)
Pr ofile  and request attribut es Set up pr ofile  and request attribut es  that can be used to collect and display in f ormation  about users.
Details Pr ofile  and request attribut es  (on page 1930)
Attribut e  groups Group attribut es  to control user access and display, and apply attribut es  to certain oper ations.
Details Attribut e  groups
Authorizers Set up users as authorizers.
Details St atic  authorizers  (on page 705)
Email c on figur ation Set up e-mail notific ation.
Details Modifying global mail settings
Email cus t omiz ation Customize language macros for email messages.
Details Customizing w orkflo w  email using the Manage the system (PSA) module  (on page 423)
Options Con figur e  the various w orkflo w  options  and features. This includes options  for:
▪ Deleg ation▪
▪ Esc alation▪
▪ Or g aniz ation  chart management ▪
▪General w orkflo w  behavior ▪
▪Plugins▪
Inventory
This menu is available with an Bravura Identity  license 
 .
The options  on the Inventory menu enable you to c on figur e  items and processes for inventory
management. The table below details the available menu options.  You must have the "Con figur e
w orkflo w"  setup  right to access this menu.
Cllick this link To access this functionality
Target systems Add, update or delete target systems used for inventory management.
Details Target Systems  (on page 480)
Loc ations Set up loc ation  pr operties  to help you de fine,  search for, and manage inventory items.
Details Inventory Loc ations  and Types  (on page 2667)
Item types Set up item type pr operties  to help you de fine,  search for, and manage inventory items.
Inventory managers Set up users as inventory managers. You must have at least one item type, and one loc ation  set up before you can do this.
Details Inventory managers  (on page 2695)
Template accounts Set up templates that can be used to request inventory items.
Details Template accounts  (on page 622)
Inventory states Update inventory states.
Details Inventory Objects and States  (on page 2678)Cllick this link To access this functionality
Inventory items Add individual inventory items.
Options Enable plugins to manage inventory.
Details Inventory Management Options  (on page 2696)
Modules
The options  on the Modules menu enable you to c on figur e  the Bravura Security Fabric  graphical user
interface. The table below details the available menu options.  You must have the "Con figur e  modules"
right to access this menu.
Click this link To access this functionality
Manage certific ation  process ( CERT ) Manage the access certific ation  process and initia t e  certific ation  campaigns.
Details Manage certific ati  (on page 1163) on process  (on page 387)
View dashboards ( DASH ) View graphical summary reports.
Details View dashboards  (on page 388)
Manage external data store ( DBE) Con figur e  events and options  for the External data store.
Details External Data Store (DBE)  (on page 1163)
Digital ID ( DID) Enable event actions  for this module, which is used by Bravura Security Fabric  to update a Lotus Notes ID file repository.
Details Digital ID  (on page 1171)
Help users ( IDA) Con figur e  event actions  and options  for help desk users to assist users.
Details Help users  (on page 1174)
Manage the OrgChart ( IDG) Con figur e  event actions  and options  for administrators to manage the or g aniz ation  chart.
Details Manage the OrgChart  (on page 387)
Browse the OrgChart ( IDO) Con figur e  event actions,  plugins, and options  for end users to browse or update the or g aniz ation  chart.
View and update pr ofile  (IDR) Con figur e  plugins and options  for end users to request security changes.
Details View and update pr ofile  (IDR)  (on page 1178)
Manage deleg ations  (IDS) Con figur e  options  for users to manage deleg ation  requests.
Details Manage deleg ations  (on page 1180)
Manage the system ( PSA) Set event actions  and options  for product administrator s to c on figur e  and manage Bravura Security Fabric .
Details Manage the system (PSA)  (on page 1181)
Front-end ( PSF) Con figur e  plugins and options  for front-end access and authentic ation.
Details Front-End (on page 1182)
Generate voice print enrollment PIN ( PSI) Set event actions  and options  for voice print r egis tr ation.
Details Generate voice print enrollment PIN (PSI)  (on page 1180)
Unlock accounts ( PSK) Set event actions  and options  for self-service account unlocks.
Details Unlock accounts (PSK)  (on page 1184)
Attach  other accounts ( PSL) Set event actions  and options  for alternate login ID management.
Details Manage tokens (on page 1185)User notific ations  (PSN) Enable the user notific ation  system.
Details User notific ations  (PSN)  (on page 433)
Manage tokens ( PSP) Set event actions  and options  for self-service token management.
Details Manage tokens  (on page 1192)
Update security questions  (PSQ) Set event actions  and options  for security question  pr ofile  management.
Details Update security questions  (PSQ)  (on page 1193)
Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation
(PSR)Set event actions  and options  for password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation.
Details Enable password s ynchr oniz ation  (PSR)  (on page 1194)
Change passwords ( PSS) Set event actions  and options  for self-service password changes.
Details Change passwords (PSS)  (on page 1196)
Manage reports ( RPT) Con figur e  options  for the Manage reports (RPT) module.
Details Manage reports (RPT)  (on page 1199)
Requests Con figur e  event actions  and options  for users to view and act on requests.
Details Requests app  (on page 1249)
Privileged access Con figur e  Bravura Privilege  managed systems and policies, service IDs, event actions,  plugins, and options.
Details Privileged access app  (on page 1251)
Session monitor Con figur e  Bravura Privilege  recorded sessions.
Details Session monitor app  (on page 1255)
Options Con figur e  plugins and options  that apply to web modules in general.
See also:
For details about module c on figur ation  options  see Modifying general behavior  (on page 1045).
Security
The options  on the Security menu enable you to set up and maintain the security of your Bravura
Security Fabric  environment. The table below details the available menu options.  You must have at least
one of the following rights to access this menu:
▪Manage security▪
▪Manage product administrator s ▪
▪Manage user groups▪
▪Manage certific ation ▪
Click this link To access this functionality
Access to pr ofile  and request attribut es De fine  user groups  to control permissions for attribut e  groups .
You must have the "Manage user groups" right to access this option.
Details Access to attribut es  and privileged accounts  (on page 722)
Access to resource attribut es De fine  user groups  to control permissions for resource attribut es.
Details Access to attribut es  and privileged accounts  (on page 722)Click this link To access this functionality
Access to product features Add, update, delete, or enable / disable other users who log into the adminis tr ativ e  consoles. You must have the "Manage product administrators"
right to access this option.
Details Product administrators  (on page 672)
Access to user pr ofiles Add, update, delete, or enable / disable groups of users who log into the self-service modules, or the Help users (IDA) module. You can also specify
a requester and view a list of their privileges. You must have the "Manage security" right to access this option.
Details Access to user pr ofiles  (on page 706)
Privileged access to systems De fine  user groups  to control permissions for managed system policies .
You must have the "Manage user groups " right to access this option.
Details Access to attribut es  and privileged accounts  (on page 722)
Options Con figur e  general security options.  You must have the "Manage security" right to access this option.
Details Security plugin options  (on page 729)
Maintenance
The options  on the Maintenance menu enable you to set up and maintain your Bravura Security Fabric
service programs, schedule jobs, update the system, c on figur e  mail, and c on figur e  general settings.  The
table below details the available menu options.  You must have at least one of the following rights to
access this menu:
▪Maintain servers▪
▪ Con figur e  r eplic ation ▪
Click this link To access this functionality
Auto discovery Manage ID filt er s  (on page 557) set connector order, or run auto discovery. You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this option.
System logs View and search the current Bravura Security Fabric  log. You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this option.
Details Viewing Bravura Security Fabric system logs
Services Install and monitor the Bravura Security Fabric  services through the Web interface. You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this
option.
Scheduled jobs Schedule jobs. You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this option.
Details Scheduling Maintenance  (on page 2702)
Connector concurrency rules Con figur e  extra locking for connector oper ations,  pr e v enting  concurrent e x ecution.  You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this
option.
Details Customizing connector behavior  (on page 528)
File s ynchr oniz ation Synchronize files between the main server and proxy servers, or between servers in a replicated environment. You must have the "Maintain
servers" right to access this option.
Details Managing Proxy Servers  (on page 260) and R eplic ation  and Recovery .
Connector behavior Change default options  for various connectors . You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this option.
See Customizing connector behavior  (on page 528) for details about options  for each connector.
Database r eplic ation Con figur e  and control database r eplic ation.  You must have the "Con figur e  r eplic ation"  right to access this option.
System variables Con figur e  all system variables within Bravura Security Fabric  from one page. This is helpful if you know the name of the system variable you want
to modify, but cannot remember where it is located.Click this link To access this functionality
Environment variables Display the current system environment in which Bravura Security Fabric  is running. This is not the same environment as the currently logged-in
user. You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this option.
Options Con figur e  general maintenance options.  You must have the "Maintain servers" right to access this option.
Manage certific ation  process
The following security privileges control access to the Manage c ertific ation  process  (cert) module:
▪Product administrator s with the ”Manage certific ation  process” adminis tr ativ e  privilege can initia t e ▪
certific ation  campaigns with multiple  reviewers.
▪Product administrator with the ”Initia t e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns” adminis tr ativ e  privilege ▪
can initia t e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns with a single reviewer.
Users with the ”Initia t e  a review of all entitlemen ts”  privilege can initia t e  a quick certific ation  of a single
user via the View and update profile  (IDR) module.
The Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) module includes tabs:
▪ Activ e  campaigns to view in f ormation  about campaigns that are in progress ▪
▪Start entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign to add a new entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign ▪
▪Start c on figur ation  certific ation  campaign to add a new c on figur ation  certific ation  campaign ▪
▪Saved certific ation  setups to select a saved c on figur ation ▪
▪Scheduled campaigns to view in f ormation  about campaigns that are scheduled ▪
See:
▪Managing the Certific ation  Process  (on page 2567) to learn how to use the Manage certific ation  process ▪
(CERT) module
▪ Certific ation  Options  (on page 2639) to learn how to c on figur e  the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) ▪
module
Manage the OrgChart
The following security privileges control access to the Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module:
▪Product administrators with the ”Manage the OrgChart” adminis tr ativ e  privilege can update the ▪
OrgChart and view the OrgChart structure.
▪Product administrators with the ”Start Org building rounds” adminis tr ativ e  privilege can initia t e ▪
OrgChart-building rounds and invite managers to update their list of subordinates.
The Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module allows product administrators to:
▪ Identif y  managers and their subordinates ▪
An Org Manager administrator could simply identif y  the top-level manager, then initia t e  an OrgChart
building round whereby managers identif y  their own subordinates. In other cases, product
administrators could build parts or all of the OrgChart, then initia t e  the process to have managers
verify the in f ormation.▪ Identif y  users who no longer report to a certain manager ▪
▪Transfer users from one manager to another▪
See:
▪Managing the OrgChart  (on page 2503) to learn how to use the Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module. ▪
▪Manage the OrgChart (IDG)  (on page 1177) to learn how to c on figur e  the Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) ▪
module.
View dashboards
The following security privileges control access to the View dashboards  (dash) module:
▪View certific ation  dashboard ▪
▪View w orkflo w  dashboard ▪
▪View privileged access dashboard▪
▪View OrgChart dashboard▪
▪View enrollment dashboard▪
▪Recompute dashboard cache▪
The View dashboards (DASH)  console includes dashboards for graphical summaries of Bravura Security
Fabric  oper ations  and usage.
See:
▪Viewing dashboards  (on page 2922) to learn how to use the View dashboards (DASH) module ▪▪View dashboards (DASH)  (on page 1161) to learn how to c on figur e  the View dashboards (DASH) ▪
module
▪The Health check monitor  dashboard is also displayed on the Front-end  if it is installed and the user has ▪
the required privileges. See Maintenance  Health check  (on page 2795) for more in f ormation.
Manage reports
The Manage reports  menu enables you to use the Manage reports (RPT) module to run reports based on
the in f ormation  stored in the Bravura Security Fabric  database You must have the " Manage reports
reports" adminis tr ativ e  privilege to access this menu.
See:
▪REPORTS  (on page 2891) for in f ormation  about managing reports ▪
▪Manage reports (RPT)  (on page 1199) for in f ormation  about c on figuring  the module ▪
Analytics
Analytics  is an optional  Bravura Security report feature that organizes and displays Micr osoft’ s  SQL Server
R eporting  Services (SSRS) reports.
When analytics  is c on figur ed,  an Analytics  link is available on the Bravura Security Fabric  adminis tr ativ e
menu.
Reports that exist on a SQL Server R eporting  Service server are displayed on the Analytics  user interface
and can then be saved in diff er en t  formats such as DOC, CSV, PDF and HTML.
The analytics  feature requires SQL Server R eporting  Service (SSRS). The version of SSRS must be the same
version as the SQL Server for the instance; for example, SQL Server 2016 and SSRS 2016.
In order to use the Analytics  app, the feature must be c on figur ed:
▪During Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation  (on page 196). ▪
or;
▪ After  Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation,  using the setupanalytics program. ▪
Use setupanalytics to
▪Add the Analytics  app if it was not installed when Bravura Security Fabric  was initially  installed. ▪
▪Modify the Bravura Security Fabric 's current Analytics  app c on figur ation: ▪
▪Change the SQL Server R eporting  Services (SSRS) server web service URL. ▪
▪Change the SSRS server administrator username.▪
▪Change the SSRS server administrator password.▪
▪Change up a SSRS database, a database login username and password.▪
▪Change the report users login username.▪
▪Change the report users login password.▪
RequirementsIf you are using setupanalytics to add the Analytics  app to the product if it was not initially
installed when Bravura Security Fabric  was installed, the following extra steps are required:
1.Install SQL Server R eporting  Services - Nativ e  feature. 1.
2.Create a dedicated report database user and schema.2.
3. Con figur e  SSRS. 3.
Usage
setupanalytics.exe [option]
Argument Description
–admin <username> Report server administrator
–adminpwd <password> Report server administrator password.
–db <database> Fully -qualified  domain name of the database server.
–password <password> Database report user password.
–url <url> Report server URL.
–username <username> Database report username.
Examples
1.Change analytics  to use a diff er en t  database to report data from: 1.
setupanalytics.exe --db SERVER01\database1 --
username  reportuser  --password reportuserpassword
2.Add the Analytics  app after  the Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation: 2.
setupanalytics.exe --admin sa --adminpwd password --
db SERVER01\database1 --url http://SERVER01:80/ReportServer --
username  reportuser  --password reportuserpassword
If you do not  see Analytics  on the main menu, it has not been installed.
In order to access the Analytics  app users require the "Analytics"  adminis tr ativ e  right or have
membership criteria which is de fined  by the _ANALYTICS_READERS_ user class.
To create new reports, Micr osoft’ s  Report Builder must be installed on the user’s computer.
See Analytics  (on page 3432) for more in f ormation.
Requests
The Requests  app is accessible via the Requests link to product administrators who have the ”Manage
reports” user access rule. Users with this right can view requests they have submitted  via reports.
See:
▪ Submitting  pr e-de fined  requests using report output  (on page 2904) ▪
▪Requests app  (on page 1249) for more in f ormation  about c on figuring  this module ▪