Enabling and disabling authentic ation  chains
Once an authentic ation  chain is created and c on figur ed,  you must enable it to make it available to users.
On the Custom authentic ation  chains page, the Status column indicates if the chain is 
  enabled or 
disabled.
Enabling authentic ation  chains
To enable authentic ation  chains from the authentic ation  chain's c on figur ation
The Authentic ation  chains page gives you access to the c on figur ation  pages for the built-in chains, and to
the Custom authentic ation  chains page, where you can add, enable, disable, and delete your own chains.
To navigate to the Authentic ation  chains page:
1.Click Policies > Authentic ation  chains . 1.
2.Click the appropriate link or Custom  to modify an e xisting  authentic ation  chain  (on page 842). 2.
or
Click Custom to add a custom authentic ation  chain  (on page 844).
page, select the appropriate checkboxes next to the authentic ation  chains you want to enable, then click
Enable .
You can also enable an individual authentic ation  chain on the Authentic ation  chain in f ormation  page by
clicking the Enable button.
The built-in Front-end login , Help desk authentic ation , User identific ation  service and Generic login
failure authentic ation  chains are enabled by default when Bravura Security Fabric  is installed. If they
have been disabled for any reason, navigate to chain’s c on figur ation  page, then click Enable .
Making authentic ation  chains available in the authentic ation  menu
To make an authentic ation  chain available in the Front-end  authentic ation  menu, you must add it to the
DEFAULT_LOGIN chain’s select_chain module. To do this:
1.From the Authentic ation  chains menu, select Front-end login . 1.
2.Click Disable . 2.This allows you to modify the chain.
3.Select the select_chain module.3.
4.Add the chains that you want to include in the authentic ation  menu to the Available chains list. 4.
The DEFAULT_LOGIN chain includes Use PSFEXT VALUES by default, to include authentic ation
methods c on figur ed  in the Front-end .
5.Click Update below the module settings. 5.
6.Click Enable to enable the authentic ation  chain. 6.
The additional  authentic ation  chains are now available to users when they log in using the Front-end .
Specifying an authentic ation  chain within a URL
You can specify a certain authentic ation  chain within the Bravura Security Fabric  URL. This allows you to
direct a user to a preferred method of authentic ation,  instead of the user being prompted to select an
option  on their own.
For example, the specified  user is directed to the fir s t page of the specified  authentic ation  chain:
http s://<ser v er>/<ins t ance>/?LANG=en-us&USERID =<user>&PSF_EXT=<authchain>  
Where:
▪<server> is the Bravura Security Fabric  server ▪
▪<instance> is the name of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance ▪
▪<user> is the user for whom you are cr eating  the URL ▪
▪<authchain> is the name of the authentic ation  chain to which you are dir ecting  them. ▪Disabling authentic ation  chains
To disable the built-in Front-end login , Help desk authentic ation , User identific ation  service or Generic
login failure authentic ation  chain, to navigate to the chain’s c on figur ation  page, and then click Disable .
To disable custom authentic ation  chains, navigate to the Custom authentic ation  chains  page, select the
appropriate checkboxes next to the authentic ation  chain you want to disable, then click Disable .
You can also disable an individual custom authentic ation  chain on the Authentic ation  chain in f ormation
page. Select the custom authentic ation  chain and click Disable .
If you disable the DEFAULT_LOGIN chain, then all authentic ation  chain functionality  within Bravura
Security Fabric is disabled and is replaced by legacy behavior; that is, Bravura Security Fabric only uses
authentic ation  methods c onfigured  in the Front-end . Custom authentic ation  chains are not able to be used
if DEFAULT_LOGIN is disabled.
Con figuring  the help desk chain
The Help users  (IDA) module has its own customizable authentic ation  chain called HELPDESK_LOGIN,
enabling you to c on figur e  the way that help desk user s must authentic a t e  on behalf of other users before
they are allowed to access a user’s pr ofile.
The HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain uses security questions  by default, but can be c on figur ed  to
use other authentic ation  modules or additional  authentic ation  chains as methods of authentic ation.  To
do this, use the same method used for c on figuring  the DEFAULT_LOGIN chain  (on page 861).
By default, this authentic ation  chain is c on figur ed  to force the help desk user  to answer the user’s built-in
security questions  before they can access the user’s pr ofile.  There are two settings  that work together to
c on figur e  whether or not a help desk user  can bypass another user’s security questions  during
authentic ation  to gain access to the user’s pr ofile:
▪The Bypass security questions  user access rule ▪
▪The ADMIN AUTHUSR MANDATORY system variable ▪
When this chain is enabled the help desk user  can use the main menu link to exit from a user’s security
questions.
The behavior of these settings  depends on whether the user’s security pr ofile  is complete or incomplete:
Incomplete security pr ofile  When ADMIN AUTHUSR MANDATORY is:
Disabled : help desk users can access a user’s pr ofile,
whether or not they have the Bypass security
questions  user access rule.
Enabled : help desk users only have access to a user’s
pr ofile  if they have the Bypass security questions  user
access rule. If they do not have this user access rule,
then an error message is displayed when the help desk
user accesses the user’s pr ofile.  This error message is
not displayed if ADMIN AUTHUSR MANDATORY is
disabled.Complete security pr ofile When the Bypass security questions  user access rule is:
Granted : help desk users can skip authentic ation  by
security questions  and gain access to the user’s pr ofile.
In this case, ADMIN AUTHUSR MANDATORY can be
either enabled or disabled.
Not granted : help desk users cannot skip
authentic ation  by security questions.  The security
questions  must be correctly answered before access is
granted to the user’s pr ofile.  In this case, ADMIN
AUTHUSR MANDATORY can be either enabled or
disabled.
Configur ation  notes 
By default, the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain is c on figur ed  to use the built-in security questions
authentic ation  method to prompt for a user’s questions.
If the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain is enabled, and the Ask users to answer questions  from
this set option  is:
▪Enabled for a question  set, and the question  set is enabled, then help desk user s are prompted with a ▪
user’s security questions,  regardless of the value for the help-desk permissions.
▪Disabled for a question  set, then help desk user s are not prompted with a user’s security questions, ▪
regardless of the value for the help-desk permissions; even if the question  set is enabled.
If the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain is disabled:
▪And help-desk permissions for a question  set is set to Requires authentic ation  with security ▪
questions , then the Ask users to answer questions  from this set is ignored. The help desk user will be
prompted for a user’s questions  from this set as long as it is enabled, and the value for ADMIN
AUTHUSR MANDATORY is enabled as well.
▪And help-desk permissions for a question  set is set to either Not allowed to view security questions ▪
or Allowed to view security questions , then the help desk user is not prompted with a user’s questions
from this question  set, regardless of whether Ask users to answer questions  from this set is enabled
or disabled; even if the question  set is enabled.
The purpose for this behavior is to help distinguish  the question  sets that are marked for help desk
authentic ation  from the question  sets that are intended for use with the default login authentic ation  to
the Front-end ; for example, if:
▪The HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain is disabled, and; ▪
▪The user -de fined  question  set has the Ask users to answer questions fr om  this set option  disabled, ▪
and the help-desk permissions is set to Requires authentic ation  with security questions , and;
▪The pr e-de fined  question  set has the Ask users to answer questions fr om  this set option  enabled, and ▪
the help-desk permissions is set to Not allowed to view security questions , and;
▪Both question  sets are enabled ▪then the built-in security questions  method would allow help desk user s to authentic a t e  (on behalf of
other users) with questions  from the user -de fined  question  set, and users could log into the Front-end
using the pr e-de fined  question  set.
If any errors are encountered in the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain during the authentic ation
process, the help desk user  is denied access to the user’s pr ofile.  The authentic ation  chain must be fix ed
before access is possible.
If a help desk user  fails the help desk authentic ation  process when attempting  to access the user’s pr ofile,
then the global fail counter still increases for the user. The global fail counter only increases for failed help
desk user  authentic ation  attemp ts  if the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain is enabled. If the help desk
user’s failed attemp ts  cause the global fail counter to reach or exceed the value set by MAX USERAUTH
FAILURE , this does not lock out the help desk user .
If the global fail counter reaches or exceeds the value set by MAX USERAUTH FAILURE , this does not lock
out the user or prevent them from logging into the Front-end . The user can still log into the Front-end , but
if the global fail counter has reached or exceeded its limit, then the user is only allowed one
authentic ation  attemp t.  If they fail this one attemp t  then they are locked out, but authentic ating
successfully resets the global fail counter.
If you disable the HELPDESK_LOGIN chain, then legacy behavior is used in it’s place; that is, only security
questions  are available as an authentic ation  when help desk user s authentic at e  to access a user’s profile.
When HELPDESK_LOGIN is disabled:
▪The ADMIN AUTHUSR MANDATORY system variable must be enabled in order for the help desk user to ▪
be prompted with the user’s security questions.
▪The security questions  use the question  set settings,  not the authentic ation  chain settings. ▪
R esetting ,  e xporting ,  and importing  settings
You can reset, export, and import authentic ation  chain settings  by using the authcfg  utility .
You can export settings,  for example to save a snapshot of settings  to import into another instance. To do
this, run the following command:
authcfg.exe -export
This exports authentic ation  chain settings  to a file named by the current date and time;  for example,
authcfg-20100421-123425.exp. You can also specify a filename  and loc ation:
authcfg.exe -export <path/file>
Import settings  from a file using the command:
authcfg.exe -import <file>
Reset original default settings  with the following command:
authcfg.exe -reset When you use the -import or -reset argument, e xisting  authentic ation  chain settings  are aut omatic ally
exported to a backup file before new or default values are imported.
See more in f ormation  about authcfg usage .
If any errors are encountered in the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain during the authentic ation
process, the help desk user  is denied access to the user’s profile.  The authentic ation  chain must be fix ed
before access is possible.
Deleting  authentic ation  chains
To delete an e xisting  authentic ation  chain:
1.Navigate to the authentic ation  chain's c on figur ation 1.
The Authentic ation  chains page gives you access to the c on figur ation  pages for the built-in chains, and
to the Custom authentic ation  chains page, where you can add, enable, disable, and delete your own
chains.
To navigate to the Authentic ation  chains page:
1.Click Policies > Authentic ation  chains . 1.
2.Click the appropriate link or Custom  to modify an e xisting  authentic ation  chain  (on page 842). 2.
or
Click Custom to add a custom authentic ation  chain  (on page 844).
page.
2.Click the checkbox for the authentic ation  chain that you want to delete. 2.
3.Click Delete . 3.
A message box is displayed asking you to c on firm  that you want to delete the selected items.
Note:  
▪Only authentic ation  chains that are disabled may be deleted. Chains that are enabled must fir s t be ▪
disabled.
▪The Delete button  only appears if there are one or more authentic ation  chains that are disabled. ▪
▪The built-in DEFAULT_LOGIN, HELPDESK_LOGIN, USER_IDENTIFICATION, and GENERIC_LOGIN_FAILURE▪
authentic ation  chains cannot be deleted. DEFAULT_LOGIN is the primary authentic ation  chain for the
Front-end , and HELPDESK_LOGIN is the primary authentic ation  chain for the Help users  (IDA) module.Authentic ation  chains: Use cases and examples
This section  outlines use cases for authentic ation  chains and examples of how to c on figur e  them.
Broadly, use case scenarios fit into two categories, single-factor and multi- f act or  authentic ation.
Single-factor authentic ation
Single-factor authentic ation  (SFA) is a process that requires a single method of authentic ation  to verify a
user’s identity .  Bravura Security Fabric  provides a number of built-in and scenario based authentic ation
chains that implement an SFA authentic ation  process. Examples include:
▪Password based authentic ation  against an external source (one of the integrated target systems) ▪
▪Security questions  based authentic ation  (where security questions  and answers are stored externally ▪
or within the product)
▪ One-time  passwords such as PINs sent to a device or loc ation  that requires a separate authentic ation ▪
process  
▪Token or smart card based authentic ation ▪
An improper c onfiguration  of the DEFAULT_LOGIN  or HELPDESK_LOGIN  authentic ation  chains can
render your Bravura Security Fabric instance inaccessible. Bravura Security recommends using the
authcfg  program to export authentic ation  chain settings  before modifying the default
c onfiguration.
The following describe some SFA use cases typically implemented as part of Bravura Security Fabric
deployments.
▪Using either a password or security questions  (on page 868) ▪
▪Using either a password, security questions,  or token  (on page 876) ▪
▪Via Mobile app  (on page 875) ▪
▪Smart Card authentic ation  (on page 918) ▪
Multi- f act or  authentic ation
Multi- f act or  authentic ation  (MFA) is a process that requires more than one method of authentic ation
from independent categories of cr edentials  to verify a user’s identity .  Bravura Security Fabric  fully
supports the c on figur ation  of MFA as part of its authentic ation  process.
Deployments of Bravura Security Fabric  that require enhanced authentic ation  security typically
implement a 2FA (two-factor authentic ation  - subset of MFA) process by combining two authentic ation
factors in subsequent steps. The two factors include something you know (such as a password or answers
to security questions)  and something you own (such as a mobile phone or token).
Using built-in functionality ,  the fir s t step of authentic ating  a user can be c on figur ed  to require v alidation
using one of:
▪Password▪
▪Security questions  (Not recommended for use in a Bravura Privilege  implemen t ation.) ▪As part of a second authentic ation  step, the user then requires v alidation  using one of:
▪Email (PIN sent to email address)▪
▪Phone (PIN sent via SMS)▪
▪Mobile app (by scanning a QR code displayed on the product’s login page)▪
▪Third-party token (a PIN that must be provided on the product’s login page)▪
Browser fing erprinting  can be used to remember a previous authentic ation.  When a user attemp ts  to
authentic a t e  again, the fing erprin t  can allow the user to skip the fir s t step.
Bravura Security Fabric  ships with a number of built-in modules and scenario components which
implement 2FA for users.
▪ Authentic a t e  with both a password and security questions  (on page 869) ▪
▪Using both a PIN sent to an email address and security questions  (on page 871) ▪
▪Azure MFA in t egr ation  using RADIUS NPS (on page 880) ▪
▪Okta API in t egr ation  (on page 911) ▪
Single factor authentic ation:  Password or security questions
For this use case, an authentic ation  chain is set up to allow authentic ation  with either a password or
security questions.  Even if the password is incorrect, the user may still proceed further down the chain to
try logging in using their security questions.
This can be implemented by c on figuring  a custom authentic ation  chain: 
Module Control type
Password authentic ation  (password.pss) sufficien t
Security questions  (response.pss) binding
When a user logs in:
1.The user chooses the custom authentic ation  chain and enters a password. 1.
2.If the password is entered:2.
▪Correctly, then the user is immediately logged into the Front-end . ▪
▪Incorrectly, then the authentic ation  chain c ontinues  and the user is prompted to answer their ▪
security questions.
3.If the answers to the security questions  are: 3.
▪Valid, then the user is immediately logged into the Front-end . ▪
▪Invalid, then the user is redirected to the main page to select an authentic ation  method to use to ▪
log in. This is because the Control ype for the response.pss module is set to binding , so the
chain fails if an invalid answer is entered. Also, the password.pss module has the Control type
set to sufficien t , which requires at least one module to succeed authentic ation.Two-factor authentic ation:  Password and security questions
For this use case an authentic ation  chain is set up to require authentic ation  with both a valid password
and valid answers to security questions.
This can be implemented by c on figuring  a custom authentic ation  chain: 
Module Control type
Password authentic ation  (password.pss) required
Security questions  (response.pss) binding
When a user logs in:
1.The user chooses the custom authentic ation  chain and enters a password. 1.
2.If the password is entered:2.
▪Correctly, then the user is prompted for their security questions. ▪
▪Incorrectly, then the user is prompted for their security questions.  However, even if the security ▪
questions  are answered correctly, the user is redirected to the main page to select another
authentic ation  method. This is because the Control type for the password.pss module is set
to required . A valid answer is required for this module in order for the chain to pass
authentic ation,  as well as correct answers for all the modules in the rest of the chain.
3.If the answers to the security questions  are: 3.
▪Valid, then the user is immediately logged into the Front-end . ▪
▪Invalid, then the user is redirected to the main page to select another authentic ation  method. This ▪
is because the Control type for the response.pss  module is set to binding , so the chain fails if
an invalid answer is entered.
Lab: Two-factor authentic ation
In this example, the default authentic ation  chain includes the select_chain module which presents the
user with options  for authentic ation.  In this demons tr ation,  a second module is added to the default
authentic ation  chain, so that users must pass two-factor authentic ation  in order to proceed. The second
module will prompt users to answer a security question  if they have completed their security questions
pr ofile.
This example assumes that the Update security questions  (psq) module is enabled and an end user has
completed their security questions  profile.  In a Bravura Privilege ins t allation,  the Update security
questions  (psq) module is disabled by default, because it is a weak authentic ation  method by itself.
Add a custom authentic ation  chain 
To c on figur e  the authentic ation  process, fir s t add a custom authentic ation  chain module:
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Policies > Authentic ation  chains >  Front-end login . 2.
The Front-end DEFAULT_LOGIN  chain is shown on this page.3.Click Disable . 3.
You must disable a chain in order to modify it. This prevents users from in t er acting  with the chain
while you are c on figuring  it.
Disabling the DEFAULT_LOGIN  chain does not prevent users from accessing Bravura Security Fabric. It
simply defaults to the PSFEXT authentic ation  settings  c onfigured  in the Modules > Front-end  (PSF)
menu.
4.Under Modules , select select_chain . 4.
5.Set the Control type to Required . 5.
This means that if authentic ation  on this module succeeds, access is granted unless authentic ation
fails on a module further along the chain. If authentic ation  fails, the user proceeds to the next
module, but is ultima t ely  denied access.
6.Click Update to close the module c on figur ation  options. 6.
Now add a second module.
7.Under Modules , click Add new… 7.
8. Con figur e  the built-in security question  module: 8.
a.From the Module drop-down list select Security questions . a.
b.Set the control type to Required . b.
c.Click Update . c.
Notice  some extra options  become available in the Module c on figur ation  section.
9.From the If a user does not have a valid security questions  pr ofile  drop-down list, select ”Bypass this 9.
module”.
10. In the Number of questions  to ask during authentic ation  section,  select ”1” from the From all 10.
question  sets list.
11. Click Update to close the module c on figur ation  options. 11.
12. Con firm  that the modules are in the correct order and type; that is, the select_chain module 12.
has a 1 in the Order column, and the response.pss  module has a 2 in the Order column.
For maximum security, the last module in a chain should always be a binding, required, or requisite
type.
13. Click Enable to make the DEFAULT_LOGIN  authentic ation  chain available to users. 13.
Test the authentic ation  process 
To test the authentic ation  chain:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as an end-user. 1.
2.Click Use password . 2.
3.Enter the correct password.3.
The Security questions  page is displayed.
4.Correctly answer the security question. 4.