2.End user performs primary authentic ation  with Activ e  Directory username and password. Primary 2.
authentic ation  can be c on figur ed  to authentic a t e  users against any connected system or
authentic a t or .
3. After  primary authentic ation  the end user is presented with a list of secondary factors that are 3.
available to them.
4.End user selects Azure MFA Push notific ation  for a second factor. The Bravura Security  RADIUS 4.
connector initia t es  an authentic ation  request against the NPS server with the NPS Extension for Azure
MFA installed.
5.NPS Extension for Azure MFA triggers MFA request to Micr osoft  Azure. 5.
6.End user receives push notific ation  on their Micr osoft  Authentic a t or  mobile applic ation  and approves 6.
the request.
7.NPS server responds with authentic ation  status to the Bravura Security  RADIUS connector. 7.
8.End user is successfully authentic a t ed  into the Bravura Pass  self-service portal. 8.
Setting  up Azure MFA through Radius
Azure MFA is a feature of Azure Activ e  Direcorty that can be used as an additional  form of identific ation.
By using Azure MFA, users can be prompted during the sign-in process to provide a code on their mobile
phone, Face ID, a fing erprin t  scan, or other authentic ation  factor.
ABravura Security Fabric  instance can be c on figur ed  to use Azure MFA through RADIUS, enabling cloud-
based MFA c apabilities  to an e xisting  network without having to install, c on figur e,  and maintain new
servers. Azure MFA can be used directly as a passwordless Bravura Security Fabric  login method, or as a
provider of 2FA.
This use case illustrates a sample setup to use Azure MFA for Bravura Security Fabric  login.
This sample setup uses:
1.Local Activ e  Directory server  (on page 881) 1.
2.Bravura Security Fabric  Instance  (on page 882) 2.
3.Azure AD tenant  (on page 882) 3.
4.Network Policy Server (NPS) with NPS extension for Azure MFA  (on page 893) 4.
Local Activ e  Directory server
In this example a local Activ e  Directory server is used to manage the office  network. This AD server will
be used as a target system of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance so that users can log into the Bravura
Security Fabric  instance using their AD cr edentials.
You will also need to sync users from the AD server to the Azure AD tenant, so that those users can be
authentic a t ed  by Azure AD when performing MFA through RADIUS.
In the sample setup, an AD server running on a Windows 2016 environment (named "CorpAD") is used.Bravura Security Fabric  Instance
This example includes a Bravura Security Fabric  instance for users to log on using Azure MFA through
RADIUS.
In the sample setup, the Bravura Security Fabric  instance is running on a Windows 2016 server (named
"Corp1").
Once the Bravura Security Fabric  instance is installed and ready to use, users are loaded from the local
Activ e  Directory server by adding the server as an Activ e  Directory DN target system .
Azure Activ e  Directory tenant
Azure MFA is a feature provided through Azure Activ e  Directory. An Azure AD tenant is needed in order to
use the Azure MFA.
Create an Azure Activ e  Directory tenant
If you don't have an Azure AD tenant with premium P1/P2 license to use, you can acquire a 30-day P2
trial license by cr eating  a new free Azure account (credit card info required to register.) If you have an
e xisting  Azure account to use, then create an Azure AD tenant using the Azure account. See this link for
details:
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/de v elop/quick s t art -cr ea t e-ne w -t enan t .
The Azure AD tenant can be accessed and managed through Azure AD portal: http s://port al.az ur e.c om .
Create a cloud-only global administrator account
Create a cloud-only global administrator account on the Azure AD tenant (see "Prerequisites" section  in
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/ cloud-s ync/tut orial-single- f or es t ). Using an
account that does not exist on our local AD target system ensures that you won't get locked out of the
tenant. For details on how to create an account, see: http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-
dir ect or y/fundamen t als/ add-user s-az ur e-activ e-dir ect or y .
In addition  to managing and c on figuring  the Azure AD, this global administrator account can also be used
as a work or school account upon ins t allation  of the NPS extension for Azure MFA. You can see and verify
the assigned roles of the user .You should now be able to log into the Azure portal with the global administrator account, to manage
and c on figur e  the Azure Activ e  Directory.
Enable MFA for Azure portal login
Enabling MFA for Azure portal login allows  users to register using the Micr osoft  Authentic a t or  app on
their mobile devices. Registered users can use the Micr osoft  Authentic a t or  app to receive and approve
push notific ations  sent during Azure portal login.
Azure MFA must be c on figur ed  to send these push-mode notific ations  before users can authentic a t e
using the Micr osoft  Authentic a t or  app. To do this:
Log onto the Azure portal with the global administrator account to manage the Azure Activ e  Directory.
1.From the directory Overview page, left side menu, click Security > Multif act or  authentic ation . 1.
2.Click Additional  cloud-based multif act or  authentic ation  settings  from the Con figur e  menu. 2.3.Select Allow users to create app passwords to sign in to non-browser apps . 3.
4.Under Methods available to users , select Notific ation  through mobile app . 4.5.Enable Azure MFA for users/groups on the Azure AD. For details see:5.
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/ authentic ation/tut orial-enable-az ur e-m f a
After  c ompletion  of MFA c on figur ation,  at the next Azure portal login, each user will be instructed to
register on Micr osoft  Authentic a t or  app using their mobile phone. The Micr osoft  Authentic a t or  app can
then receive push notific ations  from Azure AD for users to approve user authentic ation  requests.
Conditional  Access policies vs per-user multif act or  authentic ation
Enabling Azure AD Multi-F act or  Authentic ation  using Conditional  Access policies is the recommended
approach. Conditional  Access is an Azure AD Premium P1 or P2 feature that lets you apply rules to
require MFA as needed in certain scenarios. An activ a t ed  Premium P1/P2 license may be needed for
Conditional  Access to work.
For Azure AD free tenants without Conditional  Access, you can use security defaults to protect users.
Users are prompted for MFA as needed, but you cannot define  your own rules to control the behavior.
Conditional  Access policies should not be used in c onjunction  with security defaults..For details about using security defaults see : http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/
fundamen t als/ c oncep t - fundamen t als-security -de f aults .
If needed, you can manually enable each account for per-user Azure AD Multi-F act or  Authentic ation.
When users are enabled individually, they perform multi- f act or  authentic ation  each time  they sign in
(with some e x ceptions,  such as when they sign in from trusted IP addresses or when the remember MFA
on trusted devices feature is turned on). To do this:1.Click "Per-user multif act or  authentic ation"  on the Users >All users  page. 1.
2.On the per-user multif act or  authentic ation  page, review each user's current MFA status, and enable/ 2.
disable MFA for selected users.Both per-user MFA and c onditional  access can enable/disable MFA for users, and the per-user MFA may
take precedence over c onditional  access.
To learn about using per-user MFA and how to convert users from per-user MFA to Conditional  Access
based MFA, see:
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/ authentic ation/ho w t o-m f a-user s t a t esIf a user wants to retry the Azure MFA r egis tr ation  process, or wants to switch to a new mobile phone, an
admin can use the Require re-register multif act or  authentic ation  link to force a user to re-register MFA
at the next Azure portal login.
Sync user accounts
Next, you need to sync user accounts on the local Activ e  Directory server to the Azure AD tenant.
In this sample setup, a single domain is synced to the Azure AD tenant, so there is no need for the local
domain to have a public domain name, and there is no need to create any custom domain name on the
Azure Activ e  Directory.
For details about syncing a single domain to the Azure AD see:
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/ cloud-s ync/tut orial-single- f or es .
Syncing your directory to Azure requires that the "Azure AD Connect" applic ation  be locally installed on a
machine in your domain. It is recommended to install it on the server hosting  your RADIUS NPS