▪The Connector Pack  contains connectors which integrate Bravura Security Fabric  with target ▪
systems.
▪The setup of the proxy server’s Connector Pack  must match the setup of the Bravura Security ▪
Fabric ’s Connector Pack ; for example, if the Bravura Security Fabric  install has an ins t ance-specific
Connector Pack , the proxy server must be ins t ance-specific  also. Or, if the Bravura Security Fabric  is
using the global Connector Pack , the proxy server must have the global Connector Pack .
See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for details.
▪Installed and tested softw ar e: ▪
▪ Nativ e  clients for the systems that Bravura Security Fabric  will interface with ▪
Refer to the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for in f ormation  specific  to each type of target system.
▪Python 3.11.2+▪
Python 3.11.2+ must be installed before installing Bravura Security Fabric. It is optional  for
Connector Pack, but is required for the agtpython  and pxpython  connectors.
Ensure that Python is installed for all users. Python 3.11.2+ installs in the context of the current
user by default. You must choose to do a custom install, then select ”all users” when the selection
becomes available. This will allow the Bravura Security Fabric  service user (psadmin) account to
have appropriate access to the Python ins t allation.
It is recommended to add Python to the system PATH. This may also be added by selecting  the
option  for ” Add Python 3.11.2+ to PATH” during the Python ins t allation.
See Installing Python  (on page 200) for detailed ins tructions.
▪ Micr osoft  Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable (x64) ▪
Microsoft  Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable Package (x64) is required for Bravura Security Fabric
10.0 and higher. It is required for certain Bravura Security Fabric run-time  components that use
Visual C++.
The Bravura Security Fabric server and Bravura Security Fabric proxy server must be installed on separate
machines.
Con figuring  proxy tunnel clients to map target systems to use proxy servers
To c on figur e  proxy tunnel clients to map  a target system to use a proxy server:
1.Log in to the Manage the system  (PSA) module on the main Bravura Security Fabric  server. 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Resources > Proxy tunnel clients. 2.
3.Click Add new . 3.
4.Assign the name to tunnel client and port number that the proxy server will listens to.4.
5.Click Add new . 5.
6.Click Generate password  to generate a password that will be used when installing proxy tunnel on a 6.
proxy server  (on page 262).
7.Click Manage the System > Resources > Target systems > Manually de fined . 7.8.Select a target system you want to c on figur e. 8.
9.Type In the List of proxies to run connectors on field  in the format: localhost /<portnumber> . 9.
If there are multiple  proxy tunnel servers, separate them with a semicolon. 
The localhost /<port number> string must be the same for all target systems that use the same proxy
server.
10. Click Update at the bottom  of the page. 10.
Installing a proxy server using idmsetup.inf
When you install Bravura Security Fabric  on the main server, an idmsetup.inf  file is created in the
p sc on fig  directory. You can use this file to aid the ins t allation  of proxy servers. It contains the encrypted
c ommunic ation  key (or Master Key)  and Connector encr yption  key and other correct default values for
prompts during ins t allation.
It is highly recommended that you:
▪Copy the idmsetup.inf file to each proxy server and place it in the same directory from which ▪
you will run the installer ( proxy.msi ).
▪Ensure the architecture of the proxy server matches the architecture of the primary server. For▪
example, if the primary instance is installed on a 32 bit oper ating  system, then idmsetup.inf
should be used on a 32 bit oper ating  system.
Your proxy server c onfiguration  must match that of your Bravura Security Fabric server.
To install a proxy server using the idmsetup.inf  c on figur ation  file:
1.Log in to the host Windows server as member of the Administrators group.1.
2.If required, download and unzip the Bravura Security Fabric  dis tribution  folder. 2.
Contact your Bravura Security account r epr esen t ativ e  for details.
3.Copy idmsetup.inf from the p sc on fig  directory on the primary server to the proxy server and 3.
place it in the root of the dis tribution  folder.
4.Launch the setup program located at the root of the dis tribution  folder. 4.
5.If you already have a Bravura Security Fabric  instance installed on the Windows server, setup 5.
displays the Select an instance to c on figur e  page. Click Install New to proceed.
The setup program asks you to choose a product to install.
6.Select Bravura Security Fabric  Proxy Server . 6.
Click Next .
7.Verify that instance name is already filled  in and optionally  enter a description. 7.
Click Next .
8.Click Next . 8.
The setup  program performs a pr e-ins t allation  check and v erifies  all of the requirements for
ins t allation.
9.If all of the checks are successful, click Next to proceed with the ins t allation. 9.If any of the pre-install checks produce warnings or errors, click Report for details. See
T roubleshooting , T roubleshooting  for additional  troubleshooting  inf ormation.
10. The setup  program launches proxy.msi . 10.
11. Click Next . 11.
12. Read and accept the license agreement. 12.
Click Next .
13. Choose the setup type: 13.
▪Typical to accept recommended default settings. ▪
If the default port 3344 is in use, setup increments to the next available port. Ensure the port is
open.
▪Custom to select: ▪
▪Components to install – By default, Proxy Server  is selected and Proxy Tunnel  is optional. ▪
▪ Ins t allation,  log file, and lock file paths – must be the same r elativ e  paths as c on figur ed  for the ▪
main Bravura Security Fabric  server
▪Proxy port – default is 3344▪
14. Verify that the psadmin passwords are already filled  in (masked with stars). 14.
Click Next .15. Verify that the c ommunic ation  key (or Master Key)  and Connector encr yption  key are the same as those 15.
entered for the main Bravura Security Fabric  server.
Click Next .
16. If you installed Proxy Tunnel , verify that Bravura Security Fabric Proxy Server tunnel c onnection  URL 16.
and tunnel client password  (on page 261) are filled.
17. If you installed Login Manager  or Bravura Privilege , verify that the Data Key is the same as the one 17.
entered for the main Bravura Security Fabric  server.
Click Next .
The installer displays the Con firm  Ins t allation  page.
18. Click Next to start the ins t allation. 18.
The installer begins copying files to your computer. The Ins t allation  Complete page appears after  the
Proxy Service ( psproxy ) has been successfully installed.
19. Click Finish to exit. 19.
Next: 
Install Connector Pack  and client softw ar e  for the systems that Bravura Security Fabric  will interact with.Installing Connector Pack  on a proxy server
After  installing the proxy server, install the same version of Connector Pack  that the Bravura Security
Fabric  server uses. The setup of the proxy server’s Connector Pack  must match the setup of the Bravura
Security Fabric ’s Connector Pack ; for example, if the Bravura Security Fabric  install has an ins t ance-
specific  Connector Pack , the proxy server must be ins t ance-specific  also. Or, if the Bravura Security Fabric
is using the global Connector Pack , the proxy server must have the global Connector Pack .
1.Navigate to the folder containing the setup program for Bravura Security Fabric . 1.
2.Double-click setup to start the setup wizard. 2.
You should see that the proxy server softw ar e  is already installed.
3.To match your Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation: 3.
▪If you need to install an ins t ance-specific  connector pack, select your instance so that the installer ▪
displays options,  and click Install a connector pack .
▪If you need to install a global connector pack, click Install new to see that option. ▪
4.Choose Connector Pack 64-bit 4.
Click Next .
The setup program performs a pr e-ins t allation  check. There should be no errors. A warning may be
shown for some components, such as .NET WSE test, that are required for certain targets.
5.Click Next . 5.
After  a period of time,  the MSI should launch.
6.Click Next to start the setup wizard. 6.
7.Select the I accept the terms in the License Agreement checkbox, then click Next . 7.
8.Choose the setup type to match the Connector Pack  installed for Bravura Security Fabric . 8.
9.Click Install . 9.
You may be notified  that the system will need to reboot to complete the ins t allation.  If you do, click
OK to c ontinue.
After  a period of time,  the ins t allation  should complete.
10. Click Finish . 10.
Once the installer has finished  its tasks, the Bravura Security product setup program will complete the
pos t -ins t allation  process.
11. Click Finish to complete the ins t allation. 11.
Ensure that you install all nativ e  clients for the systems that Bravura Security Fabric  will interface with.
Refer to the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for in f ormation  specific  to each type of target system.
Con figuring  target systems to use proxy servers
To c on figur e  a target system to use a proxy server:
1.Log in to the Manage the system  (PSA) module on the main Bravura Security Fabric  server. 1.
2.Click Manage the System > Resources > Target systems >  Manually de fined . 2.3.Select the target system you want to c on figur e. 3.
4.Type the server name and port number for the proxy server in the List of proxies to run connectors 4.
on field  in the format: <server name> /<portnumber> .
If there are multiple  proxy servers, separate them with a semicolon.
The <server name>/<port number> string must be the same for all target systems that use the same
proxy server.
If you write this string using the IP address and others using the DNS name, the updproxy program
can’t recognize that the strings refer to the same machine. This is problematic  because the proxy
server is updated more than once during auto discovery .
5.Click Update at the bottom  of the page. 5.
Updating  proxy servers
After  the Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e  is installed on the proxy server, you must copy over files
(scripts, c on figur ation  files)  that have been created or modified  on the Bravura Security Fabric  server.
This procedure is only required once, because the proxy server is aut omatic ally  refreshed whenever you
run auto discovery .
The Logging Service (idmlogsvc) is installed as part of the proxy server ins t allation.
To update the proxy server using file r eplic ation:
1.Log in to the Manage the system  (PSA) module on the main Bravura Security Fabric  server. 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > File s ynchr oniz ation  to see a list of proxy servers. 2.
3.Select all the proxy servers that you want to update.3.
4.Click Synchronize to begin synchronizing selected servers. 4.
The UPDATE SYSTEM AGENT COUNT option  controls how many proxy servers can be updated
simultaneously, in addition  to how many target systems can be listed simultaneously.
See also: 
You can update proxy servers manually from the command-line using the updproxy  program. See
updproxy
The updproxy program, installed on the Bravura Security Fabric  server, works in c onjunction  with the
psproxy service. It is used to update the list of proxy servers registered on the Bravura Security Fabric
server, and to push any files necessary to run connectors and list utilities  to the proxy servers. This
includes the Logging Service ( idmlogsvc ) being used on the proxy servers. Normally, updproxy is
invoked as one of the fir s t steps in the auto discovery batch file.
The UPDATE SYSTEM AGENT COUNT option  controls how many proxy servers can be updated
simultaneously. The default value is 50. This option  can be set at Manage the system  > Maintenance >
Options .The UPDATE SYSTEM AGENT COUNT option  also controls how many target systems can be listed
simultaneously.
Usage
updproxy.exe -list | -refresh | -rotatelog <N> | -proxy <IP address>/<port>
Argument Description
-list Lists all proxy servers registered with the Bravura Security
Fabric server.
-refresh Copies the latest agents to all proxy servers.
-rotatelog <N> Rotate the log folder for at most <N> rounds.
-proxy <IP address>/<port> Specifies  which proxy servers to refresh.
Unlike updinst , updproxy  cannot  be controlled using a c on figur ation  file. Proxies have diff er en t
requirements compared to full instances. Currently updproxy works based on a hardcoded list of
things that are relevant to proxy instances:
▪Connector Pack (instance or global)▪
▪Some utilities  (updsvcpass, pscp, logutil) ▪
▪\<instance>\script\▪
▪\<instance>\lib\▪
▪\<instance>\idmlib\▪
▪\<instance>\license\▪
▪\<instance>\component\▪
▪Services (idmlogsvc, psproxy)▪
Examples
1.To show a list of currently registered proxy servers, type:1.
updproxy -list
2.To update agents on all the proxy servers, type:2.
updproxy -refresh
3.To update agents on a specific  server, type: 3.
updproxy -refresh -proxy <IP address>/<port>
for command-line arguments and examples.
T r oubleshooting  proxy servers
Using a web proxy server for Bravura Security Fabric to reach out to its targets
Problem
When an environment uses a proxy server to access web content, Bravura Security Fabric  connectors,
scripts, and other programs may not be able to reach external targets. The result is a c onnection  timeout.Cause
Bravura Security Fabric  connectors use the Windows proxy settings  (not always the ones from Control
Panel> Internet Options ), which have to be set manually.
Solution
1.In an adminis tr ativ e  command prompt type: 1.
netsh winhttp set proxy
<my-proxy.company.com>:443
Replace the proxy server name with the one in the actual environment.
2.Restart all services (at a minimum, iddb and w3svc)2.
This should allow set the proper proxy server and port in the winhttp  c on figur ation  that Bravura Security
Fabric  will use. External targets should connect.Chapter 8 Con figuring  r eplic ation  servers
Con figuring  Bravura Security Fabric  in a r eplic ation  environment off er s  the following advantages:
▪In the event that a primary server crashes, a backup server can take over Bravura Security Fabric ▪
functions
▪ Multiple  servers allow for load balancing ▪
Calculate the number of nodes required.
Bravura Security  strongly recommends that you create at least two or three replicated Bravura Security
Fabric  database nodes for fault tolerance and backup, depending on which products are licensed and
which features are implemented. When Bravura Privilege  is installed, or when close to 100% uptime  is
required from the instance, the recommended minimum is three. This is because when backend
database r eplic ation  is performed, at least two database nodes have to go down at the same time.
On the other hand, avoid setting  up too many replicated database nodes. It is likely that the additional
overhead of any more than six fully replicated nodes would outweigh the advantage of having multiple
nodes to do work. If you implement transparent password s ynchr oniz ation,  it is recommended that you
avoid having more than fiv e concurrently activ e  database nodes.
Calculate the number of database nodes you require with the following formula:
N = ceil(1 + [ U∕P * 7∕5∕Z * A]∕[60  * 60 * C∕T])
Where:
▪U = # of users▪
▪P = days between password expiry▪
▪Z = time  zones ▪
▪A = accounts/user▪
▪C = # of concurrently running connectors▪
▪T = seconds on average to change a password▪
For example, when:
▪U = 10000 people▪
▪P = 45 days▪
▪Z = 1 time  zone ▪
▪A = 10 accounts/user▪
▪C = 30 connectors at a time ▪
▪T = 2 seconds▪
then:
▪N = ceil(1 + [10000∕45 * 7∕5∕1 * 10]∕[60 * 60 * 30∕2]) ▪
▪N = ceil(1 + [3111]∕[54000]) ▪
▪N = ceil(1.0576) ▪▪N = 2 ▪
 See also: 
▪Installing with a Shared Schema  (on page 229) ▪
▪Recovery▪
You can c on figur e  your r eplic ation  environment in multiple  ways depending on your requirements. The
topics in this section  simply outline how to c on figur e  r eplic ation.  See the R eplic ation  and Recovery site
for detailed in f ormation  about r eplic ation  architecture , for details in f ormation  about architecture, modes
of failure, recovery, and more.
Each server on which the Bravura Security Fabric  main applic ation  is installed is referred to as an
applic ation  node. The node ID is aut omatic ally  generated in the format <servername>_<instancename>.
As a result, all applic ation  nodes set in r eplic ation  must be installed with the same instance name. The
name is case sensitiv e  (Instance_Dev is diff er en t  from instance_dev); Bravura Security suggests keeping
the instance names in lower case only.
Life cycle of an applic ation  node
A Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation  node typically follows the following life cycle:
1. Pr epar ation  (on page 270) 1.
2.Adding a node  (on page 274) 2.
3.Checking r eplic ation  status: 3.
▪Manually, as an administrator  (on page 279) ▪
▪ Aut omatic ally ,  when using a load balancer  (on page 280) ▪
4. Con figuring  file s ynchr oniz ation  (on page 282) 4.
5.Modifying node settings  (on page 288) 5.
6.Removing a node from r eplic ation  (on page 291) 6.
7.Cleaning up r eplic ation  c on figur ation  (on page 293) 7.
Pr epar ation  for setting  up r eplic ation  environment
Requirements
Before setting  up a r eplic ation  environment, ensure that:
▪All server clocks are synchronized.▪
▪Only one user c on figur es  the r eplic ation  servers at any point. ▪
No other users should be logged into any of the other Bravura Security Fabric  servers while the
r eplic ation  environment is c on figur ed.
▪The product administrator who is c on figuring  r eplic ation  has the right to maintain servers. ▪
▪All servers have the same instance name and virtual directories.▪
▪All servers use the same Connector Pack version and Connector Pack type.▪