Argument Description
-blank Completely delete the password tree of account
specified.  Requires both -wstnid and -account.
WARNING!: This action  will permanently clear the
password history tree and cannot be recovered.
Examples
1.To list all accounts with passwords in c on flict  and save them to the database, type: 1.
pwdconflicts.exe -list -save
2.To aut omatic ally  resolve c on flicts  for accounts of a specific  managed system policy, type: 2.
pwdconflicts.exe -resolve -policyid <policyID>
3.To aut omatic ally  resolve c on flicts  for accounts with a specific  ID, type: 3.
pwdconflicts.exe -resolve -account <accountID>
4.To aut omatic ally  resolve c on flicts  for all accounts on a specific  system, type: 4.
pwdconflicts.exe -resolve -wstnid <systemid>
5.To aut omatic ally  resolve a c on flict  for a specific  account on a specific  system, type: 5.
pwdconflicts.exe -resolve -wstnid <systemid> -account <accountID>
6.To force r andomiz ation  for all accounts with passwords in c on flict,  type: 6.
pwdconflicts.exe -randomize
7.To aut omatic ally  resolve c on flicts  without further c on firmation,  type: 7.
pwdconflicts.exe -resolve -force
8.To aut omatic ally  resolve c on flicts  for a batch of 10 accounts, with subsequent batches worked on 8.
every minute, type:
pwdconflicts.exe -resolve -batchsize 10 -sleeptime 60000
9.To delete the password tree of a specific  account on a specific  system, type: 9.
pwdconflicts.exe -blank -wstnid <systemid> -account <accountID>
for command-line usage and examples.
rotatelog
This job executes the idmlogsvc -rotatelog command. This command performs a backup and
r ot ation  of the Logs directory. That is, it appends . <yyyy> -<mm> -<dd> -<hhmmss> .<SerialNo> to the old
directory name and creates a new directory with the original name. See About the Bravura Security
Fabric Log  (on page 2776) for more in f ormation  about log files.
This job only rotates the logs on the Bravura Security Fabric server. Proxy logs are rotated by the
rotatelog-proxy scheduled job.
By default, this job is scheduled to run daily at 12:30 am on all Bravura Security Fabric  servers. It is
aut omatic ally  created when you install Bravura Security Fabric . If scheduled r ot ation  fails, an email is sent
to the Bravura Security Fabric  administrator. The job may fail if another program has opened the log file.
You cannot delete this job, nor can you modify the Job to run or Directory to run job in settings.In addition  to the fields  described in Adding new jobs  (on page 2713) and Selecting  a server to run a job
on (on page 2715), the following fields  appear on the schedule programs page for the rotatelog job:
▪Number of rounds to keep – You can change the number of copies to keep by modifying this setting ▪
(default is 7).
▪Directory to be rotated – You can view, but you cannot modify this field.  Its value is determined by the ▪
PSTempDir setting  (Maintenance > Options ).
 See Logging Service  (on page 2854) for in f ormation  about the Logging Service (idmlogsvc) and its -
rotatelog command.
psdonechk
The psdonechk  program checks the PSQ_DONE and PSL_DONE compliance tags for all users. This
program is aut omatic ally  scheduled to run once when you modify:
▪The minimum number of accounts each user must have across target systems.▪
This is set by Manage the system > Modules > Attach  other accounts (PSL) > PSL MIN ACCOUNTS .
▪The minimum number of security questions  that a user must answer from internal question  sets. ▪
This is set by Minimum number of answered questions  per user for each question  set in the Manage
the system > Policies > Question  sets menu.
By default, the program is scheduled to run once at 2.30 am the following day.
See psdonechk
Usage
psdonechk.exe -autocheck
psdonechk.exe -psq_done
psdonechk.exe -psl_done
Argument Description
-autocheck Checks compliance for all users for the PSQ_DONE and
PSL_DONE tags.
-psq_done Checks compliance for all users for the PSQ_DONE tag.
-psl_done Checks compliance for all users for the PSL_DONE tag.
for command-line usage.
rotatelog-proxy
This job executes the psproxy -rotatelog command. This command performs a backup and
r ot ation  of the Logs directory on each proxy server. That is, it appends . <yyyy> -<mm> -<dd> -
<hhmmss> .<SerialNo> to the old directory name and creates a new directory with the original name.
See About the Bravura Security Fabric Log  (on page 2776) for more in f ormation  about log files.By default, this job is scheduled to run daily at 12:40 am on all Bravura Security Fabric  proxy servers. It is
aut omatic ally  created when you c on figur e  a target to use a proxy. If scheduled r ot ation  fails, an email is
sent to the Bravura Security Fabric  administrator.
In addition  to the common scheduled job fields,  the following fields  appear on the schedule programs
page for the rotatelog job:
▪Number of rounds to keep – You can change the number of copies to keep by modifying this setting ▪
(default is 7).
▪Directory to be rotated – You can view, but you cannot modify this field.  Its value is determined by the ▪
PSTempDir setting  (Maintenance > Options ).
See Proxy Service (psproxy)  (on page 2870) for in f ormation  about the psproxy and its -rotatelog
command.
Adding new jobs
To add a new job to run:
1.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Scheduled jobs , then click Add new … . 1.
2. Con figur e  settings  as listed in Table Scheduled job settings  (on page 2713). 2.
If JavaScript is enabled, options  are shown or hidden depending on the Repeat type .
3.Click Add. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  also adds jobs to the Manage the system  > Maintenance > Scheduled jobs menu
when you schedule user notific ations,  certific ation  rounds or reports.
Scheduled job settings
Option Description
Job Type a unique identifier  for this scheduled job. This field  supports !!! tags for
in t ernationaliz ation  (on page 3490).
Command to run Type the command to execute, including the full path.
Directory to run command in If the directory is not specified,  this value defaults to the directory where
the program to run is located.
Enabled Use this to turn on the scheduled job.
Run this job on this Bravura Security
Fabric serverIf you have multiple  and replicated Bravura Security Fabric  servers, select
this radio button  if you want the job to run on the current server.
Run this job on all Bravura Security
Fabric serversSelect this radio button  if you have multiple  Bravura Security Fabric  servers
and want the job to run on all servers.
Run this job on the following
Bravura Security Fabric serversSelect this radio button  if you want the job to run on a Bravura Security
Fabric  server other than the current server.Option Description
Repeat type Select the frequency of the scheduled job using the drop-down list.
Depending on the repeat type, set scheduling options:
▪Run once – you must select a Date and time  to run this job. ▪
▪Daily – you must select which Days to run this job by selecting  either ▪
Every day or Only on weekdays .
▪Weekly – you must Choose the days of the week to perform this task . ▪
▪Monthly – you must Choose the days of the month to perform this task ▪
and Choose which months to perform this task . All months are selected
by default.
▪Quarterly – The task is started every three months after  the initial  run. ▪
▪Semi-Annually – A new round is started every six months after  the initial ▪
run.
▪Annually – A new round is started every twelve months after  the initial ▪
run.
Period mode For jobs that are repeated quarterly, semi-annually, and annually, choose
either:
▪Start date - then Period start date and time ▪
▪Month/week/day - then select the fir s t month, week of the month, and ▪
day of the week to perform the task.
The Choose the firs t month to perform this task  setting  is based
on the current calendar year. For example if you set the firs t month
for a quarterly job to January, and the current month is February,
the task will start in April.
Date and time  to run / Time to run All scheduled jobs time  to run is local to the server that runs the job. Except
for jobs that are run once, the default time  to run is set by Manage the
system  > Modules > Options  > DEFAULT SCHEDULED TIME .
Last day of the month For monthly to annual schedules, use this setting  to avoid missed run times.
For example, if you schedule a job quarterly, with a start date of August 31,
the next run time  after  August 31 would be November 31, which does not
exist. With this setting  enabled, the next round would start on the last day
of the month, November 30.
Job time  range Specify if you want your job to always run, to run for a specific  length of
time,  or for a specific  number of it er ations  by selecting  one of the following
from the drop-down list:
▪Always run – Scheduled job always runs as specified. ▪
▪From specified  start date to end date – Click the da t e/time  fields  to ▪
select a date and hour for the Start date and End date . To edit the
minutes enter a time  in the HH:MM format.
▪For number of it er ations  from specified  start date – Click the da t e/time ▪
field  to choose select a date and hour for the Start date . To edit the
minutes enter a time  in the HH:MM format. Specify a Number
ofit er ations  to run . Your job will only run for the number of it er ations
you enter here.CAUTION: If you use a Repeat type of either Daily , Weekly or Monthly in
c ombination  with a Job time  range set to From specified  start date toend
date , ensure that the interval between the Time to run and the Enddate
is shorter than the Scheduler Service Minutes to wait to re-check
database interval. If this interval is not shorter, then unexpected results
may occur.
Bravura Security Fabric  v erifies  that program to run and the directory to run the job in exist. If either
value is invalid, the job is not added.
Selecting  a server to run a job on
If you have multiple  and replicated Bravura Security Fabric  servers, you can set the job to run on a
specific  server or on all servers. This behavior is controlled by the following radio buttons  on the schedule
programs page:
▪Run this job on this Bravura Security Fabric server▪
▪Run this job on all Bravura Security Fabric servers▪
▪Leave this job on its current Bravura Security Fabric server▪
When you select to update an e xisting  job, the current status (or loc ation  to run the job) is displayed
above the group of radio buttons.  When you make a change to the loc ation  to run a job, Bravura Security
Fabric  aut omatic ally  r ec on figur es  each replicated server accordingly.
To set a job to run on a specific  server, you must select the appropriate radio button  from the Manage the
system  (PSA) module running on that server. The Leave this job on its current Bravura Security Fabric
server radio button  is only displayed if the job is already set to run on another server.
The Results of job e x ecution  section  on a scheduled task page lists the success or failures that occurred
for the schedule task, and on which node the job was run.2 Auto Discovery
The auto discovery  feature included with Bravura Security Fabric  extracts and imports in f ormation  about
users and groups from target systems. During the auto discovery  process, Bravura Security Fabric  also
performs several important maintenance tasks.
Read this chapter to learn more about auto discovery , including how you start and control the auto
discovery  process.
About the auto discovery process
Auto discovery is initia t ed  and controlled by the psupdate  program. This program calls a series of other
programs, such as updproxy , that perform the actual work for most of these tasks.
The auto discovery  process includes the following tasks:
▪Refreshing proxy servers  (on page 2716) ▪
▪ Listing  in f ormation  from target systems  (on page 2718) ▪
▪Monitoring list file size  (on page 2719) ▪
▪ Updating  pr ofiles  with alternate login IDs  (on page 2719) ▪
▪ E v aluating  import rules  (on page 2719) ▪
▪ Updating  the database  (on page 2719) ▪
▪Cleaning up the database  (on page 2720) ▪
▪Enforcing roles  (on page 2720) ▪
▪Checking inventory levels  (on page 2721) ▪
▪Loading user class cache  (on page 2722) ▪
▪ Submitting  aut omatic  assignment requests  (on page 2723) ▪
▪Synchronizing server files and registry keys  (on page 2725) ▪
▪ Notif ying  the Bravura Security Fabric administrator  (on page 2730) ▪
▪ Pr e v enting  idle c onnection  shutdown during auto discovery  (on page 2730) ▪
▪ Gener ating  a c on figur ation  summary file (on page 2730) ▪
Refreshing proxy servers
If one or more of your target systems is set up to use a proxy server, the updproxy  program
aut omatic ally  copies files that have been created or modified  to the proxy server.
See updproxy
The updproxy program, installed on the Bravura Security Fabric  server, works in c onjunction  with the
psproxy service. It is used to update the list of proxy servers registered on the Bravura Security Fabric
server, and to push any files necessary to run connectors and list utilities  to the proxy servers. This
includes the Logging Service ( idmlogsvc ) being used on the proxy servers. Normally, updproxy is
invoked as one of the fir s t steps in the auto discovery batch file.The UPDATE SYSTEM AGENT COUNT option  controls how many proxy servers can be updated
simultaneously. The default value is 50. This option  can be set at Manage the system  > Maintenance >
Options .
The UPDATE SYSTEM AGENT COUNT option  also controls how many target systems can be listed
simultaneously.
Usage
updproxy.exe -list | -refresh | -rotatelog <N> | -proxy <IP address>/<port>
Argument Description
-list Lists all proxy servers registered with the Bravura Security
Fabric server.
-refresh Copies the latest agents to all proxy servers.
-rotatelog <N> Rotate the log folder for at most <N> rounds.
-proxy <IP address>/<port> Specifies  which proxy servers to refresh.
Unlike updinst , updproxy  cannot  be controlled using a c on figur ation  file. Proxies have diff er en t
requirements compared to full instances. Currently updproxy works based on a hardcoded list of
things that are relevant to proxy instances:
▪Connector Pack (instance or global)▪
▪Some utilities  (updsvcpass, pscp, logutil) ▪
▪\<instance>\script\▪
▪\<instance>\lib\▪
▪\<instance>\idmlib\▪
▪\<instance>\license\▪
▪\<instance>\component\▪
▪Services (idmlogsvc, psproxy)▪
Examples
1.To show a list of currently registered proxy servers, type:1.
updproxy -list
2.To update agents on all the proxy servers, type:2.
updproxy -refresh
3.To update agents on a specific  server, type: 3.
updproxy -refresh -proxy <IP address>/<port>
for details of this program.
You can also refresh proxy servers manually. See Managing Proxy Servers  (on page 260) for details.Listing  in f ormation  from target systems
Connector programs connect to target systems and extract in f ormation  about users (accounts) and other
objects from those systems. Each connector is designed to target a specific  type of system. Depending on
how Bravura Security Fabric  is c on figur ed  and the c apabilities  of the connector, Bravura Security Fabric
may extract in f ormation  about: computer objects on the domain, service accounts, group memberships,
per-user attribut es,  unassigned tokens, and OrgChart in f ormation.
Connector programs write the extracted in f ormation  to SQLite database files in the <ins t ance>\p sc on fig\
directory. In Bravura Security Fabric  these files are referred to as list files. A SQLite database list file is
saved for each target system.
The following is the schema for the connectors to use when writing  discovered objects:
discobj ( stableid TEXT, type TEXT, longid TEXT, shortid  TEXT, displayid TEXT, sd TEXT ) 
disc objattr  ( stableid TEXT, type TEXT, attrk e y  TEXT, attr v al  TEXT, seqno INTEGER ) 
discobjrel ( parent_stableid TEXT, parent_type TEXT, reltype TEXT, child_stableid TEXT, child_type TEXT, child_name TEXT, child_sd TEXT )
All data for a target system is stored according to the schema listed above.
▪Groups, accounts, computers and subscribers are listed in the discobj table.▪
▪ Attribut es  for each of these objects are listed in the disc obattr  table. ▪
▪Group members (both group and account) are listed in the discobjrel table.▪
▪Subscriber account associations  are listed in the discobjrel table. ▪
▪During discovery, all data is loaded into generic Bravura Security Fabric  tables (targetobj, t ar g e t objattr ▪
and targetobjrel).
▪Computer objects and subscriber data are loaded into the new generic tables above, as well as▪
foundcomputer, f oundc ompattr ,  foundaccountmgnobj and f oundobjattr  tables for use by import rules.
Note the following about listing:
▪Connectors are only run for target systems that are c on figur ed  to list accounts or other objects. ▪
▪Account IDs and group IDs must be no longer than 200 characters.▪
▪When infrastructure auto discovery  (on page 2081) options  are c on figur ed,  SQLite list files for ▪
discovered target systems are placed within a <ins t ance>\p sc on fig\disc o v er ed \directory, with sub-
directories for each discovered system. Each sub-directory is named after  the fir s t three characters of
the discovered system. The discovered directory is not replicated by the file r eplic ation  program
(updinst ).
Normally, if a user has an account on a target system and that account has an <acc attr>  value that is
empty, Bravura Security Fabric  will attemp t  to get an associated attribut e  value from another system. You
can change this by enabling the Manage the system > Maintenance > Options  > LOADDB NULL IS VALUE
setting.  When this is enabled, Bravura Security Fabric  considers the associated pr ofile  attribut e  value
empty; it does not attemp t  to get an attribut e  value from another system.
See Groups  (on page 585) for more in f ormation  about groups and Target sytems  (on page 480) for more
in f ormation  about target systems.Monitoring list file size
The "listing  in f ormation  from target systems" task is fail-safe; if lists extracted from a target system fail to
return sufficien t  data, where the extracted list file size falls below the value listed for this option,  Bravura
Security Fabric  discards the defunct lists and restores the previously-harvested lists.
The Minimum list file size is set on each target system's c on figur ation  page  (on page 494).
Updating  pr ofiles  with alternate login IDs
Pr ofiles  containing alternate login ID can be updated by end-users using the Attach  other accounts  (PSL)
module, or by help desk user s using the Manage the system  (PSA) module. You can also specify alternate
login IDs for users and add them in batches using a text file <instance> \ p sc on fig \malias.txt. You might do
this, for example, to minimize user enrollment time,  or where a source of pr ofiles  target system has no
attribut es  to map to an easy-to-remember pr ofile  ID. The text file must be created manually, and use the
following format:
"<Target system ID> " "<Login ID> " " <Profile  ID>"
For example:
"ACTIVEDIRECTORY" "glorib" "glorib"
"LINUX" "browng" "glorib"
"LDAP" "gloria.brown" "glorib"
"WEBAPP" "153029" "glorib" 
The next time  auto discovery  is run, the alternate login IDs are associated with the specified  pr ofiles.
The malias.txt  file has to remain in place in the psconfig\  directory in order for the associations
to remain during further auto discovery  processes. If the file is removed, the associations  will also be
removed the next time  auto discovery  is run.
E v aluating  import rules
If you have c on figur ed  import rules to be evaluated against discovered objects, psupdate evaluates:
1.Target system import rules – to generate aut omatic ally  discovered target systems from discovered 1.
computers.
2.Managed systems import rules – to add discovered systems into the managed system policies as2.
c on figur ed  for the import rules.
3.Managed accounts import rules – to add discovered accounts in managed system policies as3.
c on figur ed  for the import rules.
See Infrastructure Auto Discovery  (on page 2080) for details about import rules.
Updating  the database
The iddiscover  service  (on page 2875) processes the in f ormation  stored in list files and loads it into
the Bravura Security Fabric  database. During this task, new users are imported to Bravura Security Fabric ,e xisting  user pr ofiles  are updated, and inventories of available groups and unclaimed accounts are
created.
If iddiscover  discovers accounts that diff er  only in case on a c ase-sensitiv e  target system, it writes a
warning to its log and notifies  the Bravura Security Fabric  administrator of a pot ential  security issue.
Cleaning up the database
The psupdate  program removes stale session keys from the database. This helps to ensure that the
database does not grow too large.
Enforcing roles
If the RBAC ENFORCEMENT NIGHTLY LIST option  is enabled, Bravura Security Fabric  runs the
rbacenforce  program to list role enforcement violations.  If the RBAC ENFORCEMENT NIGHTLY
SUBMIT option  is enabled, Bravura Security Fabric  runs the rbacenforce  program to submit requests
into w orkflo w  to r ectif y  the violations.  Both of these jobs are run at the end of auto discovery .
Both of these options  are set in Manage the system > Resources > Options .
See Role Enforcement  (on page 2409) for more in f ormation  about the options.
See rbacenforce
The rbacenforce program lists role-based access control (RBAC) violations  and issues w orkflo w
requests in order to correct variances. The program is run by default by the psupdate program during
auto discovery. This can be turned off by disabling the Resources > Options  > RBAC ENFORCEMENT
NIGHTLY LIST  and RBAC ENFORCEMENT NIGHTLY SUBMIT  options.
Usage
rbacenforce.exe [ option  ]
Argument Description
-group Bravura Group Specify the group ID to check violations  on.
-inputfile  <fileName> Input this KVGroup file with all requests to submit. The
default is violation.kv g.
-limitcheck <numUsers> Override the system c on figur ed  value to limit the number
of users to check for violations.
-limitlist <numViolations> Override the system c on figur ed  value to limit the number
of violations  to list.
-listfile  <fileName> Output the list of violations  to this file. The default is
violation.kv g.
-nolist Do not run the listing  of surplus and/or de ficit  violations.
This option  can only be used with -submit.
-norecordcheck Record that the user was checked. Users checked least
recently are checked fir s t.