▪ID ENABLE-ACCOUNTS ▪
▪ Description  Enable disabled accounts ▪
▪Enabled  Selected ▪
▪Accessible from report  Selected ▪
▪Intended recipients  Existing  users ▪
2.Click Add. 2.
You can now de fine  oper ations  and other parameters.  
Define  oper ations  
For this example, the request is to enable e xisting  disabled accounts:
1.Click the Oper ations  tab, then the Existing  account sub-tab. 1.
2.In the bottom  table select Enable account and select ”User-selectable” from the All/User-selectable 2.
drop-down list.
3.Click Update . 3.
Add access controls to the request 
For this case, use the default _REPORT_READERS_ user class to allow users who can run reports to
submit this pr e-de fined  request. We will assume that users have been added to the user class.
To set up access controls:
1.Click the Access control tab. 1.
2.Click Select… . 2.
3.Select the _REPORT_READERS_ user class and click Select . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  warns that you need to complete the access control c on figur ation  by mapping
the user class participan t  to a participan t  in the policy (requester or recipient).
4.Set the P articipan t  mapping to REQUESTER. 4.
This allows any user in the user class to act as requester of the request.
5.Click Update . 5.
The pr e-de fined  request is ready to use with report output.  
Run the accounts report 
To run a report and use the output to submit a request to enable disabled accounts:
1.Log in as a member of _REPORT_READERS_.1.
2.Click Manage reports > Reports  > Reports > Users > Account attribut es . 2.
3.Set account attribut e  @accountEnabled to false . 3.
4.Run the report.4.
5.Expand Submit pr e-de fined  requests using report output at the bottom  of the report form. 5.
6.Select the ENABLE-ACCOUNTS pr e-de fined  request. 6.7.Click on the magnifying glass icon to c on figur e  Attribut es . 7.
a.Map the Recipient ID to a s t atic  ID, such as the user running the report. a.
The recipient ID needs to match a Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  ID. If the report output has that
in f ormation,  you can map this attribut e  to that output, otherwise, you will need to enter a s t atic  ID.
b.Map the target ID and account attribut es  to the r espectiv e  columns. b.
c.Click Done . c.
8.Click Run for submission . 8.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a summary of the requests submitted.
You can click on the info icon 
  in the request status column to view the status of each request, or use
the Requests link from the main menu.
See the REPORTS  (on page 2891) for more in f ormation  on running reports.
Cr eating  a pr e-de fined  request
To create a pr e-de fined  request:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests . 1.
2.Click Add new... 2.
3.Type a unique ID and Description . 3.
4.Determine whether the pr e-de fined  request is Enabled for use by end users. 4.
5.Enable Accessible to requesters if you want the pr e-de fined  request to be available to requesters 5.
outside of certific ation  and reports.
6.Enable Accessible from report if you want the pr e-de fined  request to be available in the Manage 6.
reports (rpt) module.
7.Enable Accessible from certific ation  if you want the pr e-de fined  request to be available for 7.
certific ation  r emediation.  Enabling this will reveal the R emediation  type option,  allowing you to select
which types of r emediation  the pr e-de fined  request can be used for.
8.Type a Help URL if you want to provide a longer description  for users. 8.
You can compose and post a web page that describes this request further, and enter its URL here.
Users can open the URL by clicking the request description  text wherever the text appears in the user
interface.
9.Enable Authorizer must approve/deny each entitlemen t  if you want the assigned authorizers to 9.
approve/deny each entitlemen t.
10. Determine the Intended recipients . 10.
This determines where the request can be accessed (if it is accessible to requesters) and which types
of certific ation  r emediation  this request will be available for (if it is accessible to certific ation).
If the request is enabled, and accessible to requesters, and the intended recipients are:
▪ Existing  users, the request is available to users via the Requests links on the main menu or, if you ▪
set the Subject field  to ”Managed groups”, the request is available via the Groups link on the main
menu (see the next step).▪New users, the request is available to users via the Create a newuser pr ofile  link on the main ▪
menu.
▪ Existing  and new users, the request is available via any of the above. ▪
▪ Existing  groups, the request is available to users via the Groups link on the main menu. ▪
▪New groups,the request is available to users via the Groups link on the main menu. ▪
▪Non-user-based, the request is available to users via the Use pr e-de fined  requests for custom ▪
oper ations  link on the main menu.
▪Network resources, the request is available to users via the Requestaccess to network resources ▪
link on the main menu.
▪ Existing  parent groups, the request is available to users via the Groups link on the main menu. ▪
▪ Existing  child groups, the request is available to users via the Groups link on the main menu. ▪
11. If the intended recipients are e xisting  users with Subject set to ”Managed groups”, or if the intended 11.
recipients are e xisting  groups, determine the Applicable subject selection .
This controls whether the request is displayed based on how many groups are selected in the Groups
app. Assuming the user has appropriate access to the request, ”Single subject” makes the request
available if exactly one group is selected. ”Multiple  subjects” makes the request available if two or
more groups are selected.
12. Enter Ins tructions  if you want to provide users with additional  in f ormation. 12.
These ins tructions  will be presented to users after  they select the pr e-de fined  request.
13. Click Add. 13.
Next: 
De fine  oper ations  that are part of the pr e-de fined  request.
De fining  oper ations
Select the oper ations  to be performed on resources to de fine  what will happen once a pr e-de fined
request is approved.
If adding a resource will cause the pre-de fined  request to be in violation  of a segregation  of duties  rule,
adding the resource will be disallowed or its default operation  will be changed to Delete .
To de fine  oper ations  for a pr e-de fined  request:
1.Navigate to the Pr e-de fined  request in f ormation  page.. 1.
2.Select the Oper ations  tab. 2.
3.Select the sub-link for:3.▪ Existing  account to add oper ations  for e xisting  accounts. ▪
▪New account to add oper ations  to create accounts based on a template accounts. ▪
▪Managed group to add oper ations  to join, leave, or edit managed groups. ▪
▪Role to add oper ations  to add or remove roles. ▪
▪ Pr ofile  to add oper ations  to enable or disable pr ofiles. ▪
▪Custom to add custom oper ations. ▪
This type of oper ation  may be used, for example, in scripted solutions  for onboarding of systems
and accounts, and c ollecting  target cr edentials  for systems being onboarded.
4. De fine  oper ations  on specified  groups, accounts, or roles, if applicable. 4.
5. De fine  oper ations  on either all, or user-selected groups, accounts, or roles, if applicable. 5.
6.For pr ofile  oper ations,  determine whether the enable or disable pr ofile  oper ation  is required or 6.
optional.
Oper ations  on specified  entitlemen ts/r esour ces
To de fine  oper ations  on specified  groups, accounts, or roles:
1.Click Select... in the upper table. 1.
2.Select one or more groups, target systems (for e xisting  accounts), template accounts (for new 2.
accounts), or roles. Click Select .
3.Select an oper ation  from the drop-down list next to the entitlemen t,  if options  are available. 3.
4.Click Add oper ation  next to an entitlemen t  or resource to add more oper ations,  if applicable. 4.
5.For oper ations  that add a group membership, account, or role, determine whether the new 5.
entitlemen t  or resource is required or optional  by selecting  appropriate option  in the Necessity
column.
6.Click Update . 6.It helps to understand how the necessity column will work if you run the pr e-de fined  request from a
report, or from the View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module. The table below shows the impact of the
required and optional  setting  on the pr e-de fined  request:
Necessity Submitted  via report output Submitted  by an end user
Required Attribut es  are mapped aut omatic ally
to the report output.The oper ation  cannot be removed
from a request.
Optional You will be prompted to map the
pr e-de fined  request attribut es  to the
report output.The oper ation  is optional.
Oper ations  on either all or user-selected entitlemen ts
If you select an oper ation  from the checklist in the lower table, and click Update , this has one of two
e ff ects,  depending on whether it applies to ’ All’ or ’User-selectable’ entitlemen ts  (not all oper ations  have
both):
▪All means the oper ation  will be performed on all entitlemen ts  of one type. ▪
If ’ All’ is selected for update accounts, only the accounts with an account attribut e  mapped to the
modified  pr ofile  attribut e  will be updated.
▪User-selectable means the oper ation  will only be performed on entitlemen ts  selected by the ▪
requester, who can choose from all entitlemen ts  of one type.
For example, if you select ” Assign group” for managed groups, users will be able to join or leave any
managed group on any target system.There is no place in the user interface to c onfigure  authorizers for enable/disable profile  operations.  You
must use the authorizer criteria modific ation  plugin to add authorizers on the request or set the number
of authoriz ations  required. Enable/disable operations  in requests are aff ect ed  by the MIN AUTHORIZERS
variable.
Next: 
Select attribut es  to be displayed on the request form.
Selecting  attribut es  for requests
Select attribut e  groups  (on page 1304) to determine what in f ormation  needs to be gathered for a
request.
To de fine  attribut es  for a pr e-de fined  request:
1.Navigate to the Pr e-de fined  request in f ormation  page. 1.
2.Select the Attribut es  tab. 2.
3.Click Select... . 3.
4.Select the attribut e  groups you want to add to the request and click Select . 4.
De fining  default attribut e  values for requests
To specify default attribut e  values for a request:
1.On the Oper ations:  Attribut e  group <request>  page, search for, or select the relevant attribut e  group. 1.
2.Enter default values for attribut es  as required. 2.3.Click Update . 3.
The display of attribut es  is controlled by attribut e  group permissions; for example, you can set a
default value for an attribut e  that is neither viewable nor editable to a requester.
Next:
Add access controls to the request.
De fining  access controls
You can use user classes to create controls that determine which users have access to a pr e-de fined
request.
To add access controls:
1.Navigate to the Pr e-de fined  request in f ormation  page. 1.
2.Select the Access control tab. 2.
3.Click Select... to select e xisting  classes, or Add new... to create a new class. 3.
4. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 4.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  control filt er s.
5.If your criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match All of the 5.
user classes or Any of the user classes .
When the Intended recipients is set to anything other than ”Existing  users” and/or ”New users”, only
single participan t  user classes will be available, and mapping will not be required.
Access controls do not apply to c ertific ation  remediation.  If the c ertific ation  initiat or  allows it, all
reviewers will be able to submit that pre-de fined  request for remediation.
Example 
To de fine  access control in a way that allows a manager to update the pr ofile  of his subordinate:
▪Select the default ”MANAGER INDIRECT” user class▪
▪ Con figur e  the participan t  mapping as follows: ▪
MANAGER REQUESTERSUBORDINATE RECIPIENT
Next: 
Con figur e  the request wizard.
De fining  the request wizard order and display
When a user makes a request Bravura Security Fabric  will present a wizard ; a series of form pages which
lead the user through a series of steps. This allows users to make requests without having to know the
complex details of the pr e-de fined  request.
The Order and display tab allows you to rearrange the order of the diff er en t  pages in the pr e-de fined
request that require user input, and you can decide to display them or not.
Pages are added to the wizard as you add oper ations  that require user input; for example adding
the ” Assign group” oper ation  adds the ”Join or leave groups” page. Every attribut e  group added to the
pr e-de fined  request will have its own page on the wizard.
When a pr e-de fined  request is fir s t added, it will have the following pages by default in the given order
before any oper ations,  or attribut e  groups have been added:
▪Resolve segr eg ation  of duties  rules violations ▪
▪Set initial  password ▪
▪Request summary▪
The Display column determines whether a page will be shown to the requester. All default oper ations  are
set to ” Auto”, which means Bravura Security Fabric  will decide whether to show the page depending on
the requested resources so far; for example, users only need to set an initial  password if the create
account oper ation  is included. Choose ”Hide” when the values are provided by a plugin.
Misc onfiguring  this page can cause the pre-de fined  request to not function  properly. Ensure you
thoroughly test your changes.Depr ec ating  pr e-de fined  requests
You can deprecate a pr e-de fined  request to render it unusable, while preserving it for auditing  purposes.
You cannot deprecate a pr e-de fined  request if it is still in use. A deprecated pr e-de fined  request can be
restored at a later date.
To deprecate a pr e-de fined  request:
1.Navigate to the Pr e-de fined  request in f ormation  page. 1.
2.Select the checkbox next to the deprecate button  and enter a Reason for depr ec ation  if wanted. 2.
3.Click Deprecate . 3.
Restoring a pr e-defined  request 
To restore a pr e-de fined  request:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests  to see the list of e xisting  pr e-de fined 1.
requests.
2.Select the pr e-de fined  request you want to restore. 2.
3.Click Restore . 3.
Deleting  pr e-de fined  requests
You can delete pr e-de fined  requests that are disabled and have not been used yet. Requests are
considered “used” once they have been attemp t ed,  even if the request was not finaliz ed.  You cannot
delete a pr e-de fined  request if it is enabled or deprecated. If you want to delete a request but cannot
since it has been used, then deprecate the request.
To delete a pr e-de fined  request:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests . 1.
2.Select the checkboxes next to the pr e-de fined  requests you want to delete. 2.
If a checkbox is not available next to a pr e-de fined  request you want to delete, then the pr e-de fined
request is not disabled. Select the pr e-de fined  request, and restore and/or disable the pr e-de fined
request as necessary, then return to the Pr e-de fined  requests page.
3.Click Delete and c on firm  the deletion. 3.
Alternately, you can delete a disabled pr e-de fined  request from its Pr e-de fined  request in f ormation
page.Authoriz ation  w orkflow
Bravura Security Fabric  provides a w orkflo w  authoriz ation  engine to receive, validate, and route access
change requests to the appropriate individuals. Within the w orkflo w  authoriz ation  process there are a
number of actors including:
▪The requester – who is submitting  the request. ▪
▪The recipient – who the request is submitted  for. In many cases the requester is the same as the ▪
recipient.
▪The authorizer – who is responsible for reviewing the request. ▪
Read this chapter to learn more about authoriz ation  w orkflo w  and the diff er en t  ways in which it can be
implemented.  
W orkflo w  logic and process
The W orkflo w  Manager Service is responsible for implementing  authoriz ation  logic and or ches tr ating
w orkflo w  processes. In general, the w orkflo w  process operates as follows:
1.A user logs into the Bravura Security Fabric  web applic ation  and submits a change request. 1.
Alt ernativ ely ,  an automated process may submit the change request.
2.Bravura Security Fabric  validates the input and forwards the request to the W orkflo w  Manager Service 2.
(idwfm ).
3.The idwfm  service determines authorizers for the request using s t atic  authoriz ation  or dynamic 3.
authoriz ation  rules, and notifies  them of their assignments by email.
Assigning too many authorizers could aff ect  performance. When the number of authorizers assigned
to a resource exceeds the value of MAX AUTH ALLOWED (default 20), the request is put on hold. If you
increase this value, ensure that you test the c onfiguration  for performance issues.
4.Authorizers log in to the Bravura Security Fabric  web applic ation,  usually after  following a URL 4.
embedded in the email, where they log in and either approve or deny the request.
5.If authorizers do not respond in a timely  manner, idwfm  can send reminder emails or take other 5.
actions  like denying or esc alating  the request.
6.The idwfm  service determines if input received from authorizers is sufficien t  to approve or deny the 6.
request. If the request is:
▪Denied, idwfm  closes the request. ▪
▪Approved, idwfm  forwards the request to the T r ansaction  Monitor Service to carry out changes on ▪
target systems.
The fulfillmen t  engine can be c on figur ed  to run connectors directly or to use human implementers.
The idwfm  service also updates the Bravura Security Fabric  database and informs the appropriate
users.