2.Select a segment row to select the reviewer for the segment. This includes the segment2.
de fined  by users not in any of the user classes.
3.Search or browse the list to select the reviewer.3.
4.Click Next: Submit or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 4.
Next: 
Select peer groups for consistency c alculations.
▪ Entitlemen t  authorizers ▪
When you use the entitlemen t  authorizers method, you c on figur e  reviewers for segments of the
user population  based on selected entitlemen ts.  This allows you to divide the work among
multiple  reviewers.
You can manually assign entitlemen t  authorizers, enable random assignment from the
authorizers attached  to the entitlemen t  or use a plugin to identif y  the primary and delegate
reviewers.
Manually assigning entitlemen t  authorizers
To manually assign entitlemen t  authorizers:1.Select an entitlemen t  row to select the reviewer for the entitlemen t. 1.
2.Search or browse the list to select the reviewer.2.
For managed groups, the group authorizer is the reviewer by default.3.Click Next: Submit or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 3.
Next: 
Select peer groups for consistency c alculations.
Randomly assigning entitlemen t  authorizers
Bravura Security Fabric  can randomly assign an authorizer from a set of authorizers attached  to
the entitlemen t  to be the reviewer of the segment if you:
1. De fine  a string-type resource attribut e  in the CERT ATTRIBUTE CERTIFIER Manage certific ation 1.
process (CERT) module setting.  The random selection  option  is enabled when the attribut e
value is ’RANDOM’.
2.Leave the reviewer field  for the resource empty when c on figuring  the campaign. During the 2.
cr eation  of the campaign, the reviewer will be chosen dynamically.
For example, to enable random resource reviewer assignment for a managed group:
1. De fine  a resource attribut e: 1.
a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut es  > Add new... a.
b.Enter the ID; for example RANDOM-CERTIFIER. b.
c.Enter the description . c.d.Select Type : String. d.
e.Click Add. e.
f.Enter the Actual value ; RANDOM f.
g.Enter the Displayed value ; for example ’Select reviewer from amongst the resource g.
authorizers’.
h.Click Update . h.
i.Set the Default values for the attribut e : (None) . i.
2. De fine  a resource attribut e  group: 2.
a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups  > Add new... a.
b.Enter the ID; for example RANDOM-CERTIFIER-GROUP . b.
c.Enter the Description . c.
d.Select Type : Managed groups . d.
e.Click Add. e.
f.Click the Members tab. f.
g.Click Select then select the resource attribut e  you created previously; for example g.
RANDOM-CERTIFIER.
3. Con figur e  the option  in the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) module: 3.
a.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage certific ation  process  (CERT ). a.
b.Type RANDOM-CERTIFIER in the CERT ATTRIBUTE CERTIFIER field. b.
c.Type a user ID in the CERT DEFAULT CERTIFIER field  to specify the default reviewer in case c.
the resource does not have any authorizer.
4.Turn on the random reviewer option  for a managed group. 4.
a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Groups . a.
b.Select the target system.b.
c.Select a managed group.c.
d.Click Manage . d.
e.Set the RANDOM-CERTIFIER drop-down to RANDOM . e.
f.Click Update . f.
Now, if you initia t e  a certific ation  campaign for the managed group by selecting  the entitlemen t
authorizers method, Bravura Security Fabric  chooses the reviewer for the managed group
randomly from the group’s set of authorizers. If the group has no authorizers, Bravura Security
Fabric  chooses the user de fined  by CERT DEFAULT CERTIFIER .Note: If random selection  is enabled, you can still manually de fine  an
entitlemen t ’ s  reviewer.  
Next: 
Select peer groups for consistency c alculations.
Using a plugin to assign a reviewer and delegates
Bravura Security Fabric  can use a plugin to assign a reviewer and delegates to the segment if
you:
1. De fine  a string-type resource attribut e  in the CERT ATTRIBUTE CERTIFIER Manage certific ation 1.
process  (CERT) module setting.  The via plugin selection  option  is enabled when the attribut e
value is ’VIAPLUGIN’.
2.Write a plugin to supply the reviewer and delegates to the certific ation  segment 2.
3.Leave the reviewer field  for the entitlemen t  empty when c on figuring  the campaign. During 3.
the cr eation  of the campaign, the reviewer and the delegates will be supplied by the plugin
dynamically.
For example, to use a plugin to specify a reviewer and delegates for a managed group:
1. De fine  a resource attribut e: 1.a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut es  > Add new... a.
b.Enter the ID; for example CERTIFIER-VIA-PLUG-IN. b.
c.Enter the description . c.
d.Select Type : String. d.
e.Click Add. e.
f.Enter the Actual value ; VIAPLUGIN f.
g.Enter the Displayed value ; for example ’Select reviewer and delegates from plugin’. g.
h.Click Update . h.
i.Set the Default values for the attribut e : (None) . i.
2. De fine  a resource attribut e  group: 2.
a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups  > Addnew... a.
b.Enter the ID; for example CERTIFIER-VIA-PLUG-IN-GROUP . b.
c.Enter the Description . c.
d.Select Type : Managed groups . d.
e.Click Add. e.
f.Click the Members tab. f.
g.Click Select then select the resource attribut e  you created previously; for example g.
CERTIFIER-VIA-PLUG-IN.
3.Write a plugin to supply the reviewer and delegates to the certific ation  segment. Save the 3.
plugin file in the plugin directory.
4. Con figur e  the option  in the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) module: 4.
a.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage certific ation  process  (Cert ). a.
b.Type CERTIFIER-VIA-PLUGIN in the CERT ATTRIBUTE CERTIFIER field. b.
c.Type a user ID in the CERT DEFAULT CERTIFIER field  to specify the default reviewer in case c.
the resource does not have any authorizer.
d.Type plugin file name in the CERT DELEGATION PLUGIN field  to specify the plugin d.
5.Turn on the via plugin option  for a managed group. 5.
a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Groups . a.
b.Select the target system.b.
c.Select a managed group.c.
d.Click Manage . d.
e.Set the CERTIFIER-VIA-PLUG-IN drop-down to VIAPLUGIN . e.
f.Click Update . f.
Now, if you initia t e  a certific ation  campaign for the managed group by selecting  the entitlemen t
authorizers method, Bravura Security Fabric  gets the reviewer and the delegates for the
managed group from the plugin. If the plugin does not supply a valid reviewer, Bravura Security
Fabric  chooses the user de fined  by CERT DEFAULT CERTIFIER .If via plugin is enabled, you can still manually define  an entitlemen t ’ s  reviewer.
Next: 
Select peer groups for consistency c alculations.
▪ Certific ation  of entitlemen ts  by de fined  r elationship ▪
When you use the certific ation  by de fined  r elationship  method, Bravura Security Fabric  can
generate certific ation  segments and assign the appropriate reviewer to the segments based on
the r elationship  between the reviewer and the users.
It works on the same principle as the OrgChart managers method where Bravura Security Fabric
creates segments and assigns the appropriate manager to each segment (manager-subordinate
r elationship).
The certific ation  by de fined  r elationship  method off er s  fle xibility  by allowing you to de fine  the
r elationship  between the reviewer and the user by a tw o-participan t  user class.
In this example, all the users whose fir s t name start with ”user” will be certified  by a user having
membership in group X.
1.Manage Group1, ensure that Group1 has this members: gr1_member1.1.
2.Ensure that these users exist in Bravura Security Fabric : user1, user2, user3. 2.3.Add a tw o-participan t  user class, UC, as follows: 3.
▪ P articipan t  P1 has group membership matching Group1 ▪
▪ P articipan t  P2 has pr ofile  attribut e  matching: FIRST_NAME starts with ”user” ▪
4.Create a new certific ation  campaign: 4.
Entitlemen ts Select an Activ e  Directory target system
Users All selected entitlemen ts
Reviewers Certific ation  de fined  by r elationship:
▪Select the user class UC de fined  in step 3. ▪
▪Map participan t  P1 to CERTIFIER. ▪
▪Map participan t  P2 from to USER_UNDER_REVIEW. ▪
▪Click Update ▪
▪Set a Default reviewer by clicking Select… and ▪
choosing a user.
Once you submit this campaign, Bravura Security Fabric  will create two certific ation  segments:
▪First segment would include all the users whose fir s t name starts with ”user” (user1, user2, ▪
user3). The reviewer of this segment is gr1_member1 (if Group1 has multiple  members, the
fir s t member on the list is picked to be the reviewer).
▪Second segment would include all the users whose fir s t name does not start with ”user”. The ▪
reviewer of this segment is the default reviewer.
Next: 
Select peer groups for consistency c alculations.
▪Orgchart managers for entitlemen ts ▪
When you use the OrgChart method, the reviewers are determined by your or g aniz ational  tree.
Each user is certified  by his or her direct manager, from the bottom  up. You only need to
determine the highest level manager for the certific ation  campaign; for example, if you select Al
Reese in the OrgChart below, then Dilber Smith certifies  Dan Singh, and Al Reese certifies  Dilber
Smith and Bob Adams.
Manager levels in an OrgChartTo select the manager at the top of the certific ation  campaign:
1.Search or browse the list, then select 
 the manager. 1.
2.Click Next:Submit or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 2.
Notes on OrgChart campaigns: 
If a manager has one or more managers in their realm of responsibility, their certific ation  is not
considered complete and cannot be signed off until  all managers beneath them have completed
their own certific ation.
The lowest-level managers are asked to certif y  their subordinates fir s t.  After  some delay the
next level of managers is asked to certif y  their own subordinates. This c ontinues  until  all
managers have been notified.
By staggering the in vit ations,  Bravura Security Fabric  gives lower-level managers a chance to
complete their certific ations  before it prompts their supervisors to certif y  them. You determine
the notific ation  schedule when you start the campaign.
If you select users individually to be included in an OrgChart campaign, and none of the selected
users is in a given manager’s OrgChart, then that manager does not have to sign off an empty
segment.
If a manager has been deleted while an OrgChart campaign is still in progress, then the deleted
manager’s segment will be escalated to the manager above them.  
Next: Select peer groups for consistency c alculations.
8.Select peer groups for entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns 8.
For entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns, items for review can be marked with a consistency score, so
that reviewers see r ec ommendations  of items to pay particular  attention  to. The consistency
c alculation  (on page 2542) is based on the percentage of a peer group who share an item.
A peer group is a group of users with some attribut e  in common; for example, users working at the
same loc ation  or department, or having the same manager.
Items can be aut omatic ally  certified  or identified  as candidates for r e v oc ation  based on a resource
attribut e  comparison.
When the global CERT CONSISTENCY CALCULATION setting  is enabled (default), consistency
c alculations  are turned on for all campaigns. If disabled, click the Enable c alculating  entitlemen t
consistency across peers checkbox to view more settings.
Modify settings  to suit your campaign:
1.Click the magnifying glass icon to select an Attribut e  group that collects users into peer groups . 1.
The default value is set by the CERT CONSISTENCY ATTRIBUTE GROUP system variable.
2.Edit the value for Minimum size of a user peer group . 2.
If a peer group has fewer members than this, their entitlemen t  consistency will not be calculated.
Instead, a help 
  icon will be displayed in the consistency column for these users in the review.
The default value is set by the CERT CONSISTENCY MINIMUM system variable.
3.To determine how in-pattern  entitlemen ts  will be highlighted, edit the value for Mark items as 3.
consistent if at least this percent of peers the item .
By default, if consistency c alculations  are enabled and at least 80% of user share an entitlemen t,  is
will be highlighted in the review. The default is set by the CERT CONSISTENCY USERS UPPER
THRESHOLD system variable.
4.To determine how out -of -pattern  entitlemen ts  will be highlighted, edit the value for Mark items as 4.
inconsistent if fewer than this percent of peers share the item .
By default, if consistency c alculations  are enabled and fewer than 20% of users share an
entitlemen t,  it will be highlighted in the review. The default is set by the CERT CONSISTENCY USERS
LOWER THRESHOLD system variable.
5.If you want to aut omatic ally  certif y  consistent items: 5.
a.Click the Automate certific ation  by resource attribut e  checkbox. a.
b.Click the magnifying glass icon to select the Resource attribut e  to compare . b.
c.Set the Comparison method . c.
The methods available are determined by the resource attribut e  type.
d.For date, string or integer type attribut es,  set the Resource attribut e  value . d.
e.Edit the value for Aut omatic ally  certif y  items if at least this percent of peers share the item e.
and aut o-certif y  attribut ee xpr ession  is met .