Usage trend
Storage required is strongly related to activity  within a session. Activity  can range from being idle (0%),
that is, nothing on screen changes, to constant changes (100%), such as watching a video or running a
living screen-saver.
The average user will likely use no more than 10-20%. However, since it is difficult  to guess what is
changing on a user’s screen, a sample of r outine  sessions should be measured.
Case studies
Assuming the following:
▪Default frame rate of 1/second▪
▪Frame width x height of 1280 x 960▪
▪Video capture▪
▪RDP disclosure▪
▪ Activ eX▪
The following formula can be used to estima t e  the storage required for raw video:
S = N ⋆ (0.5 ⋆ A + 2.2)
where
S = Storage in MB/min
N = total sessions
A = percentage of screen activity
 Forensic audits 
In the event that an IT user is under suspicion or has been found to act unethically or illegally, it is helpful
to be able to play back all of that user’s activity ,  to see what inappropriate actions  they may have taken.
This data may be required as supporting  evidence if the user must be terminated and may be needed in
the course of legal proceedings ther eafter .  This data may also be needed to find and reverse any harmful
changes the user has made to systems or data.
In this case, you may consider capturing video data for all IT s t a ff  only.
Assuming there are 100 s t a ff  in the IT department, and each runs one 8-hour session per day, with 10%
screen activity ,  use the equation  above to determine the storage required for 1 year:
   S = N ⋆ (0.5 ⋆ A + 2.2) MB/min
   = 100 ⋆ (0.5 ⋆ 0.1 + 2.2) MB/min
   = 225 MB/min
   = 225 MB/min ⋆ 60 min/hr ⋆ 8 hr/day ⋆ 220 work days/year
   = 23760000 MB/year   = 23760 GB/year
Load balancing c onsider ations
It is recommended that you provision several load balancing replicated servers accessible by a single URL.
Multiple  replicated servers are required to carry the data load created by the monitored sessions and
ensure a quality service. A single URL simplifies  c on figur ation  and failover situations  if a monitoring
server needs to be taken down for maintenance or replaced.
Note that an end user needs to be able to access both the direct URL of the server and the load balanced
URL in order to download packages containing video data. When the user attemp ts  to download a
session, Bravura Privilege  uses the direct URL (not the load balancing one) to trigger the downloading of
the package to the user’s w ork s t ation.  This means that the user must be able to connect to the direct
Bravura Privilege  URL using their browser without it being blocked by a fir e w all.
Getting  started
Con figur ation  requirements
Before c on figuring  session monitoring options,  you should:
1.Set up Managed Systems  (on page 1815) and Managed System Policies  (on page 1834). 1.
If you want users’ requests for searching recorded session data to be authorized, assign authorizers to
managed system policies.
2. Con figur e  Access Disclosure Plugins  (on page 1957). 2.
The command prompt ( pswxcmd ), remote desktop ( pswxtsvc ), secure browser
(securebrowser ), and all Guacamole controls are c ompatible  with session monitoring.
3. Con figur e  user access rules to allow users to access recorded data related to their own or another 3.
users’ activity .
The following privileges are available:
▪Manage recorded sessions. In order to have access to the Session monitor app, users must be ▪
granted this privilege. The Session monitor app allows users to submit requests to search, view and
download recorded sessions. In addition,  users can be granted the following:
▪Pre-approved search of my recorded sessions▪
▪Pre-approved search of all recorded sessions▪
▪Pre-approved download of recorded sessions▪
▪Pre-approved view of recorded sessions▪
4. Optional:  Con figur e  additional  access controls. 4.
▪Pre-approved search recorded sessions▪
▪Pre-approved download recorded sessions▪
▪Pre-approved view of recorded sessions▪
It is recommended that you plan how you will implement session monitoring  (on page 2027).Na vig ation
To c on figur e  session monitoring options  click Manage the system > Privileged access > Options  to
c on figur e  global options,  or click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies >
<Policy> > Options  to c on figur e  policy-level options
▪Select the Recorded sessions tab to set options  for c on figuring: ▪
▪Scope and display of monitoring  (on page 2034) ▪
▪Session monitor c onnectivity  (on page 2035) ▪
▪Recorded session data c ollection  modules  (on page 2038) ▪
▪Select the Recorded session access request tab to set options  for c on figuring  recorded session access ▪
request options  (on page 2042).
To c on figur e  web module options  click Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded session management
management (smon) for:
▪Session monitoring activ ation  plugin  (on page 1255) ▪
▪File storage  (on page 1257) ▪
▪Search controls  (on page 1258) ▪
▪Video processing  (on page 1259) ▪
▪Event triggers  (on page 1262), Event triggers  (on page 1540) ▪
Initial  c on figur ation
As long as you have prepared your system to meet the requirements listed on on the current page, you
can get started with t esting  the session monitoring feature by setting  the following on the Recorded
sessions tab:
▪SMON HTTP URL – The session monitor client connects using this fully qualified  URL to the smonc ▪
CGI program on a Bravura Security Fabric  server.
▪At least one of the following:▪
▪SMON KEYSTROKE ENABLE to capture keystrokes ▪
▪SMON SCREENSHOT ENABLE to take periodic screenshots ▪
▪SMON WEBCAM ENABLE to record webcam images ▪
▪SMON UI ENABLE to capture user interface in f ormation ▪
▪SMON CLIPBOARD ENABLE to capture clipboard data ▪
The default SMON HTTP URL is <BASE IDSYNCH URL >/<virtualdirectory >/smonc.exe . The
BASE IDSYNCH URL  (on page 420) is set at Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Email c on figur ation .
If this is incorrect the Activ eX  controls will not be able to connect to the server, and as a result will not
allow the remote c onnection  to the managed resource to proceed. For tr oubleshooting  tip s see .
The following sections  describe these options  and more in detail.Scope and display of monitoring
Bravura Security Fabric , by default, restricts the screen-shot and keystroke data monitoring scope to the
terminal only, to protect the privacy of the user; for example when remote users or contractors are
accessing monitored systems from public or personal computers, personal data and applic ations  could
also be activ e.  This behavior is controlled by the SMON RESTRICT SCOPE setting ,  which can be applied
globally or per managed system policy.
For disclosure options  that allow session recording, having SMON RESTRICT SCOPE enabled would mean:
▪Child processes of the process that receives disclosed access are not recorded▪
▪Local w ork s t ation  tools opened via pswxcmd  which open new sessions in the same process as ▪
additional  tabs will record all tabs only in the fir s t open session on a w ork s t ation;  additional
simultaneous sessions open to the same tool will record black rectangles.
Disabling this setting  allows you to monitor the user’s display and keystrokes on their whole system both
inside and outside the terminal when they initia t e  a privileged session. This provides better  security; for
example if a user starts remote desktop, they may be able to copy sensitiv e  data from the remote
terminal to an email or another applic ation  outside the terminal.
Clipboard data is not restricted when SMON RESTRICT SCOPE is enabled. Bravura Security Fabric will
c ontinue  to collect clipboard data inside and outside the terminal for the user's whole system.
The following options  on the Recorded session  tab
To c on figur e  session monitoring options  click Manage the system > Privileged access > Options  to
c on figur e  global options,  or click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies >
<Policy> > Options  to c on figur e  policy-level options
▪Select the Recorded sessions tab to set options  for c on figuring: ▪
▪Scope and display of monitoring  (on page 2034) ▪
▪Session monitor c onnectivity  (on page 2035) ▪
▪Recorded session data c ollection  modules  (on page 2038) ▪
▪Select the Recorded session access request tab to set options  for c on figuring  recorded session access ▪
request options  (on page 2042).
To c on figur e  web module options  click Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded session management
management (smon) for:
▪Session monitoring activ ation  plugin  (on page 1255) ▪
▪File storage  (on page 1257) ▪
▪Search controls  (on page 1258) ▪
▪Video processing  (on page 1259) ▪
▪Event triggers  (on page 1262), Event triggers  (on page 1540) ▪
control the scope of what is monitored:Option Description
SMON RESTRICT SCOPE When disabled, the user’s entir e  system is monitored
when the user starts a privileged session.
When enabled, monitoring is restricted to the process
created by the access disclosure plugin; for example,
when the command prompt control (pswxcmd)
launches PuTTY .exe, monitoring is restricted to the
terminal session.
This should always be disabled when recording user
interface meta data.
When a user initia t es  a monitored session, an 
  icon is displayed in the user’s task bar with a
customizable message to notif y  the user that he or she is being monitored. You can disable this if your
security policy requires covert monitoring. It is recommended that you review security and user
monitoring policies before enabling covert monitoring.
The following options  on the Recorded session  tab control how users know their session is being
recorded:
Option Description
SMON DISPLAY RECORDING ACTIVE
TASK BAR ICONWhen enabled, an icon is displayed in the user’s
desktop task bar to indicate that their session is
being recorded.
SMON DISPLAY RECORDING ACTIVE
TASK BAR MESSAGEThe message that is displayed when the user
hovers the cursor over the session recording task
bar icon.
Session monitor c onnectivity
The following options  on the Recorded session  tab
To c on figur e  session monitoring options  click Manage the system > Privileged access > Options  to
c on figur e  global options,  or click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies >
<Policy> > Options  to c on figur e  policy-level options
▪Select the Recorded sessions tab to set options  for c on figuring: ▪
▪Scope and display of monitoring  (on page 2034) ▪
▪Session monitor c onnectivity  (on page 2035) ▪
▪Recorded session data c ollection  modules  (on page 2038) ▪
▪Select the Recorded session access request tab to set options  for c on figuring  recorded session access ▪
request options  (on page 2042).
To c on figur e  web module options  click Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded session management
management (smon) for:
▪Session monitoring activ ation  plugin  (on page 1255) ▪▪File storage  (on page 1257) ▪
▪Search controls  (on page 1258) ▪
▪Video processing  (on page 1259) ▪
▪Event triggers  (on page 1262), Event triggers  (on page 1540) ▪
control how the session monitoring clients connects with the Bravura Security Fabric  server.
Option Description
SMON HTTP CERT VALIDATION When enabled, the session monitoring client will
validate the certific a t e  from the Bravura Security
Fabric  server when c onnecting  over an SSL
c onnection.
SMON HTTP HEART BEAT
FREQUENCYFrequency in seconds that the client will send a signal
to the server to indicate that it is still running. The
default is 30 seconds.
SMON HTTP POST SIZE LIMIT The limit on data sent from the Activ eX  control or
persistent client to smonc . The smonc program is
the high performance CGI program that receives
in f ormation  from w ork s t ations.
SMON HTTPP ROXY SERVER The proxy server used by the session monitor client
when trying to connect to the server.
SMON HTTP TIMEOUT The time  in seconds that the session monitor client
will try to establish a c onnection  with the server
before giving up. The default is 30 seconds.
SMON HTTP URL The session monitor client connects using this fully
qualified  URL to smonc on a Bravura Security Fabric
server. The smonc program is the high performance
CGI program that receives in f ormation  from
w ork s t ations.
The default SMON HTTP URL  is <BASE IDSYNCH
URL>/<virtual directory>/smonc.exe .
The BASE IDSYNCH URL is set at Manage the system >
W orkflo w  > Email c on figur ation .
If this is incorrect the Activ eX  controls will not be able
to connect to the server, and as a result will not allow
the remote c onnection  to the managed resource to
proceed. For tr oubleshooting  tip s see T r oubleshooting
(on page 2037).
SMON NETWORK FAILURE RETRY
LIMITThe number of failed c onnection  attemp ts  that a
session monitor client can make before Bravura
Security Fabric  determines there is a network failure.
The default is 2 attemp ts.Option Description
SMON NETWORK FAILURE
TERMINATEWhen enabled, terminates the remote c onnection  if
the network fails; that is, collected data can no longer
be sent to Bravura Security Fabric  server. This is
disabled by default.
SMON STALE SESSION TIMEOUT Mark sessions as stale if they have not contacted the
server in this many seconds. The default is 120
seconds.
Connectivity  messages
The following settings  a ff ect  messages displayed to users when certain events occur when session
monitoring is initia t ed:
Option Description
SMON NETWORK FAILURE
TERMINATE MSGMessage to display to users when their c onnection  is
terminated due to a network failure. The message is
controlled by the !!!
SMON_NETWORK_FAILURE_TERMINATE_DEFAULT_MSG
M4 tag, which by default displays in English: “Connectivity  to
Bravura Security Fabric  server was los t. Connection
terminated.”
SMON NETWORK NO
CONNECTION MSGMessage to display to users when the client cannot contact
the Bravura Security Fabric  server, and access is not granted.
The message is controlled by the !!!
SMON_NETWORK_NO_CONNECTION_DEFAULT_MSG  M4
tag, which by default displays in English: “Failed to connect to
Bravura Security Fabric .Please contact the Bravura Security
Fabric  administrator.”
SMON TERMINATE BY
ADMINISTRATOR MSGMessage to display to users when their c onnection  is
terminated by an administrator. The message is controlled by
the !!!
SMON_TERMINATE_BY_ADMINISTRATOR_DEFAULT_MSG
M4 tag, which by default displays in English: “Connection  was
terminated by an administrator.”
T r oubleshooting
 Connectivity  to monitoring service could not be established 
If you have trouble c onnecting  to the monitoring server when initiating  a session, try using the process
explorer program, procexp.exe, to analyze processes on the system. You can download this program from
live.sysinternals.com .If you have trouble c onnecting  to the monitoring server when initiating  a session, try using the logutil
program to collect logging in f ormation  from the Activ eX  controls. To do this, run the following command
on the system where the Activ eX  controls are being run from:
 logutil.exe -instance "PPM Client ActiveX Controls" -level 6 -
maxdelay 2 -makekey 
Con firm  the URL used in the c onnection.  Most c onnection  failures are the result of a misc on figur ation  in
the URL, SSL, certific a t e  v alidation,  or proxy settings.
If SMON HTTP URL is incorrect the Activ eX  controls will not be able to connect to the server, and as a
result will not allow the remote c onnection  to the managed resource to proceed.
When a client using pswxcmd or pswxtsvc cannot communicate with the server via the SMON HTTP
URL, the following message is displayed on the client:
 Failed to connect to Bravura Security Fabric server.  Please contact 
 the Bravura Security Fabric administrator. 
Fix the URL so that it resolves for all client w ork s t ations.  You can test it by copying and pasting  the value
into the web browser loc ation  field  in the web browser. If a page loads with an encrypted blob then it
worked (encrypted blobs start with {AES} ). Typical errors would be: server not found , or 404
Page NotFound .
The server not found error means the fir s t part of the SMON HTTP URL  does not resolve
correctly; the hostname or IP of the server is not accessible from client.
The 404 Page Not Found error typically means that the wrong hostname or IP was used (it went
to a web server other than the one with the Bravura Security Fabric  instance installed). It could also hint
that the virtual directory is incorrect, or that HTTP/HTTPS is incorrectly specified.  The virtual directory is
set during setup.
Cannot download session package for auditing  
In order to download a session package, the client w ork s t ation  must be able to resolve the URL of the
server on which the package was created. If clients connect to the server using a load balancer, the client
may not be able to download the package.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can provide a separate, externally addressable name of the server.
Recorded session data c ollection  modules
This section  shows you how to c on figur e  the Bravura Privilege  recorded session data c ollection  modules.
Navigate to the Recorded session tab
To c on figur e  session monitoring options  click Manage the system > Privileged access > Options  to
c on figur e  global options,  or click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies >
<Policy> > Options  to c on figur e  policy-level options
▪Select the Recorded sessions tab to set options  for c on figuring: ▪
▪Scope and display of monitoring  (on page 2034) ▪▪Session monitor c onnectivity  (on page 2035) ▪
▪Recorded session data c ollection  modules  (on page 2038) ▪
▪Select the Recorded session access request tab to set options  for c on figuring  recorded session access ▪
request options  (on page 2042).
To c on figur e  web module options  click Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded session management
management (smon) for:
▪Session monitoring activ ation  plugin  (on page 1255) ▪
▪File storage  (on page 1257) ▪
▪Search controls  (on page 1258) ▪
▪Video processing  (on page 1259) ▪
▪Event triggers  (on page 1262), Event triggers  (on page 1540) ▪
to c on figur e  data capture methods including:
▪Key stroke capture  (on page 2039) ▪
▪Screen capture  (on page 2040) ▪
▪User interface meta data recording  (on page 2040) ▪
▪Clipboard capture  (on page 2041) ▪
▪Webcam capture  (on page 2041) ▪
Key stroke capture
The key stroke capture module records keys pressed during a session. When pr ocess-specific  monitoring
(on page 2034) is enabled, only the keys pressed in the target process window are recorded. When full
system monitoring is enabled, all key strokes are captured.
To enable Bravura Privilege  to record keys that were pressed during a session, c on figur e  the following in
the Recorded sessions  (on page 2033) options  tab:
Option Description
SMON KEYSTROKE ENABLE Enables Bravura Privilege  to capture key
strokes during recorded sessions.
The in f ormation  is compiled into a keystroke-data.xml  file in the directory set by Manage the
system  > Modules  > Recorded session management  (smon ) > SMON TEXT STORAGE PATH .
The following options  on the Recorded sessions  (on page 2033) tab control which keystroke types
generate new events:
Option Description
SMON KEYSTROKE SPLIT ENTER Generate a new keystroke event when the user
presses the enter key.
This is enabled by default.Option Description
SMON KEYSTROKE SPLIT ESC Generate a new keystroke event when the user
presses the escape key.
This is disabled by default.
SMON KEYSTROKE SPLIT LMB Generate a new keystroke event when the user clicks
their left mouse button.
This is disabled by default.
SMON KEYSTROKE SPLIT TAB Generate a new keystroke event when the user
presses the tab key.
This is disabled by default.
Screen capture
The screen capture module can take periodic screenshots of either the target process, in the case of
pr ocess-specific  monitoring  (on page 2034), or the entir e  desktop, in the case of full system monitoring.
The module is able to handle multiple  monitors, the removal and addition  of monitors during recording,
and screen savers.
To enable Bravura Privilege  to periodically capture screenshots during a session, c on figur e  the following
in the Recorded sessions  (on page 2033) options  tab:
Option Description
SMON SCREENSHOT COLOR
QUALITYThe colour quality at which screenshots will be
captured and stored. The value can be either 16
or 32 bits. The default is 32 bits.
SMON SCREENSHOT ENABLE Enables Bravura Privilege  to periodically capture
screenshots during a recorded session.
SMON SCREENSHOT FRAME RATE Interval, in milliseconds, at which screenshots are
taken during a recorded session. The default is
1000 milliseconds, or 1 second.
SMONS CREENSHOT MAX COUNT
PER ARCHIVEMaximum number of screenshots per archived
file. This must be a number between 1 and 65535.
To help limit storage and network bandwidth requirements, screenshots are aggregated into hour-long
videos, which are stored in the path set by Manage the system  > Modules  > Recorded session
management  (smon ) > SMON SCREENSHOT STORAGE PATH .
User interface meta data recording
This is not c ompatible  with Guacamole access disclosure plugins.
The user interface meta data recording module provides meta data that you can use to enhance the data
c ollection  abilities  of other modules.