Example: Either/or rules for user class memberships
This c on figur ation  example demonstrates the use case where a company wants to provide permissions to
reset user passwords without requiring authentic ation  to users in the IT-HELPDESK-MANAGERS and HR-
MANAGERS Activ e  Directory groups. A user from EITHER of these Activ e  Directory groups will be granted
this permission. Therefore, a user group must be c on figur ed  with the required privilege and allow
membership from ANY assigned user classes.
The built-in HELP_DESK_MANAGER user group already has the required privileges to bypass
authentic ation  to reset user passwords. To assign user classes to the user group, we must add the IT-
HELPDESK-MANAGERS and HR-MANAGERS AD groups to separate user classes.
This use case assumes an Activ e  Directory target called AD has been c on figur ed  and has both the IT-
HELPDESK-MANAGERS and HR-MANAGERS groups managed.
Add IT-HELPDESK-MANAGERS AD group to the built-in _HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_ user class
1.As superuser, navigate to Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 1.
2.Select the _HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_  user class. 2.
We need to add membership criteria to this user class.
3.Click the Criteria  tab. 3.
4.In the group memberships table, click Add new. . .  . 4.
5.In the Target system  field,  enter AD. 5.
6.Click the search icon 
  next to the Group:  field. 6.
7.Search for and select 
  the IT-HELPDESK-MANAGERS  group. 7.
8.Click Add. 8.
9.Click the Test tab and click List to see the users that are now members of the 9.
_HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_  user class.
10. Return to the General  tab and next to the option  for Membership cache valid  click Recalculate . 10.
You may need to click the Recalculate  button  twice and refresh the window before it says the cache is
valid.
Users have been successfully added as members to the _HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_  user class.
Add HR-MANAGERS AD group to a created HR-MANAGERS user class
Now we need to de fine  and add a user class for the HR-MANAGERS activ e  directory group.
1.As superuser, navigate to Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 1.
2.Click Add new. . .  since we know the HR-MANAGERS  user class doesn't exist. 2.
3.Enter the following:3.
ID HR_MANAGERS
Description  HR department managers
Leave Types of policies where this user class is permitted  to be used  as the default value.4.Click Add. 4.
This takes you to the P articipan ts  tab.
5.Click Add new. . .  to de fine  participan ts  of the user class. 5.
6.Enter the following:6.
ID USERID
Description  User ID
7.Click Add. 7.
This takes you to the Criteria  tab.
8.In the group memberships table, click Add new. . . . 8.
9.In the Target system  field,  enter AD. 9.
10. Click the search icon 
  next to the Group:  field. 10.
11. Search for and select 
  the HR-MANAGERS  group. 11.
12. Click Add. 12.
13. Click the Test tab and click List to see the users that are now members of the HR_MANAGERS  user 13.
class.
14. Return to the General  tab and next to the option  for Membership cache valid  click Recalculate . 14.
You may need to click the Recalculate  button  twice and refresh the window before it says the cache is
valid.
Users have been successfully added as members to the HR_MANAGERS  user class.
Assign both user classes to the HELP_DESK_MANAGER user group
1.As superuser, navigate to Manage the system >  Security > Access to user pr ofiles  > Global help desk 1.
rules .
2.Select 
  the HELP_DESK_MANAGER  user access rule. 2.
The privileges are already set by default to allow help desk managers to see a user’s security questions
for help desk question  set and bypass them without requiring authentic ation.  This is set by the view
and bypass security questions  privileges.
3.Click the Membership criteria  tab. 3.
4.Ensure the _HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_  user class is already a member by default c on figur ation. 4.
5.To add the HR-MANAGERS  user class as a member, click Add new. . . . 5.
6.From the list of user classes, search for and select HR-MANAGERS . 6.
7.Click Add. 7.
8.Click the radio button  for Any of the user classes  on the Membership criteria  tab. 8.
9.Click Update . 9.
Now in order to be a member of the HELP_DESK_MANAGER  user group, a user can be a member of
either the _HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_  or HR_MANAGERS  user class or both of them.
10. Click the General  tab and click Recalculate  for Membership cache valid . 10.Through this c on figur ation,  permission to reset user passwords without requiring authentic ation  has now
been given to users in the IT-HELPDESK-MANAGERS and HR-MANAGERS Activ e  Directory groups.
E diting  and deleting  user classes
You can edit user classes by:
▪Adding and removing participan ts ▪
▪ E diting  the description  and list expression for participan ts ▪
▪Adding, editing  and removing membership criteria ▪
▪Changing user class policies▪
Default user classes should be edited during the initial  Bravura Security Fabric  setup and c on figur ation.
For example, de fine  membership and assign user access rules to the _GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_ and
_HELP_DESK_MANAGERS_ user classes to create a user base that can help regular users.
There are r es trictions  to what type of changes you can make to a user class, limited by which policies
have that user class in use. See the table below for details.
The product administrator  doing the editing  must have the "Manage policies" adminis trative  privilege.
R es trictions  for editing  user classes
Status R es trictions
Single policy user classes
In use User classes that are in use by a single user class policy:
▪Can be edited at the user class policy from which it was created▪
▪Can also be edited from the Policies menu▪
▪Cannot be deleted▪
Not in use User classes that are not in use, and are only linked to one user class policy:
▪Can only be edited from the Policies menu▪
▪Can be deleted▪
In use Shared user classes that are in use:
▪Can only be edited from the Policies menu.▪
▪Cannot be deleted.▪
Not in use Shared user classes that are not in use:
▪Can only be edited from the Policies menu.▪
▪Can be deleted.▪
You can remove or edit the de finition  of a user class as long as it has not been used in a certific ation
campaign. If a user class has dependents, such as plugin points, it cannot be removed.
For auditing  purposes, a user class cannot be deleted or changed after  it has been used. A “used” user
class is indicated by the following fields  on the User class de finition  page:
▪Date fir s t used in certific ation ▪
▪Date most recently used in certific ation ▪T esting  and listing  members
Once the criteria for a user class is de fined,  you can use the Test membership page to see if a specific
User IDs matches the criteria, or to list the User IDs for the members of a user class.
T esting  user classes
You can test the segmen t ation  rules for any user class.
To test the rules de fined  for a user class:
1.Navigate to the User class de finition  (on page 737) for the user class you want to test. 1.
2.Click the Test tab. 2.
3.To test the rules de fined  for a: 3.
▪Personal user class, Search for, or type the User ID of the user to evaluate, then click Test. ▪
▪ R elational  user class, Search for, or type a User ID for each participan t  in the corresponding fields, ▪
then click Test.
The Test button  evaluates all criteria defined  for the user class, not just the criteria displayed on the
page.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the test results, specifying whether the users satis fied  the criteria for the
user class.
Listing  members in a user class
You can list members for any participan t  in any user class.
In personal user classes, there is a single participan t,  so all members of the user class are listed.
In r elational  user classes, members can be listed for one participan t,  and the other participan t  in the
r elationship  must be specified.
To list members in a user class:
1.Navigate to the User class de finition  (on page 737) for the user class for which you want to list 1.
participan t.
2.Click the Test tab. 2.
3.To list the participan t  within a: 3.
▪Personal user class, click List. ▪
▪ R elational  user class, select a participan t  from the List matching users drop-down menu, type in ▪
User IDs for the other participan t,  then click List.
The list of members is displayed. If no members are listed, then there are no users matching the
criteria for the specified  participan t.
Caching user classes
User classes can be cached to improve performance for complex user classes and user class points.On the General tab for a user class de finition,  there is an option  to Recalculate  or Invalidate the user
class cache. Membership cache valid indicates the current status of the cache Yes or No.
If the status is Yes, then the user class is cached on the time  indicated by Date membership cache last
updated . Users that are a member of the user class when it is cached will remain members until  the
cache expires or is recalculated. Even if the member’s criteria changes, the pr ofile  will be considered a
member until  either r ec alculation  is performed or no longer valid. When there is a cached user class then
Invalidate and Recalculate are available.
If the status is No, then the user class has no cached in f ormation.  Only Recalculate is available to load the
cache in f ormation.
In a replicated environment, cache rec alculation  can only be performed on the instance which runs
psupdate .
Only single-participan t  user class points can be cached. Built-in user classes cannot be changed and
cached. This includes:
▪_ALLUSERS_▪
▪_UC_ATTR_AUTO_PROPAGATE_REQUESTER_▪
▪_UC_RBAC_AUTO_PROPAGATE_REQUESTER_▪
▪_USER_IS_MANAGER_▪
These are directly evaluated and do not require caching.
User class points that include only built-in user classes do not require any options  to cache them. Adding
one or more user classes that are not built-in will allow caching to be calculated. When r ec alculating  a
user class, any dependent user class points that are cached are also recalculated.
The user class cache expiry time  is set by the USERCLASS CACHE EXPIRY variable at Manage the system >
Policies > Options . Default is 72 hours.
The psupdate program runs loaduccache at the end of the auto discovery process.
The following user class options  are triggered by the Manage the system  (PSA) module, API Service, or
directly by running the loaduccache program. They can be accessed from Manage the system >
Policies > Options :
User class cache events that launch interface programs
Option Description
LOADUCCACHE FINISH The loaduccache program finishes  loading caches.
LOADUCCACHE START The loaduccache program starts to load caches.
USERCLASS CACHE FAILURE A userclass fails to be cached.
USERCLASS CACHE INVALIDATE
SUCCESSA userclass’ cache is explicitly invalidated.
USERCLASS CACHE SUCCESS A userclass is successfully cached.
USERCLASS POLICY CACHE FAILURE A userclass policy fails to be cached.Option Description
USERCLASS POLICY CACHE
INVALIDATE SUCCESSA userclass policy’s cache is explicitly invalidated
USERCLASS POLICY CACHE SUCCESS A userclass policy is successfully cached.
Using user classes with plugin points
User class de finitions  can be added to the following plugin points:
▪Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Esc alation  > ESCALATION PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Esc alation  > FIRST CHANCE ESCALATION PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Plugins >  AUTHORIZATION DETAIL MASK PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > FILTER USER PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > KEEP USER PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > GENERATE USER PLUGIN ▪
These plugin points include the Use user classes option,  which allows you to filt er  or generate lists of
users based on user user classes.
If you choose to use user classes, then you do not need to write a plugin. However, user classes can also
be used in c onjunction  with a plugin.
For example, if you:
Use user classes then the specified  user classes are used to filt er  or generate lists of users.
Use user classes and write a plugin then the specified  user classes and plugin script are both used to filt er  or
generate lists of users, with the plugin taking its input from results
provided by the user class.
Write a plugin then the plugin is used to filt er  or generate lists of users.
For details, see:
▪Filter users  (on page 1049) to learn how to write a user filt er  or user ▪
g ener ation  plugin
▪About esc alation  (on page 1386) to learn how to write an esc alation ▪
plugin
▪Hiding authoriz ation  details  (on page 1428) to learn how to write an ▪
authoriz ation  mask plugin.
To c on figur e  the Use user classes option:
1.Click Use user classes under the field  for the plugin point you want to modify. 1.
A page loads related to the option  you are modifying. For example, if you are modifying FILTER USER
PLUGIN, then the Filter Criteria filt er_user_plugin  page loads. If user class de finitions  already exist for
this option,  they are listed.
2. De fine  your user classes. You can choose e xisting  user classes, create new user classes, or both: 2.
▪To select from e xisting  user classes: ▪i.Click Select... . i.
ii.Enable the checkboxes next to the user classes you want to select, then click Select . ii.
The list of user class members is displayed.
iii.Complete the participan t  de finitions  for the newly added user classes by selecting  from the iii.
drop-down menu.
iv.Click Update . iv.
▪To create a new user class:▪
i.See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for details on how to create a user class. i.
ii.Once created, complete the participan t  de finition  for your new user class by selecting  from the ii.
drop-down menus.
Once you’ve added at least one user class to the list of user class members, you can also:
▪Delete user classes from the list.▪
▪Update the participan t  de finitions  for the user classes in the list. ▪
If you have multiple  user classes in the list of user class members, then The participan ts  have to
match which of the user classes option  is displayed.
This can be set so that:
▪The participan ts  can match Any of the user classes listed ▪
▪The participan ts  must match All of the user classes listed ▪
Mapping participan ts  for authoriz ation
Currently, participan t  mapping is required where user classes are used to de fine  the function  of policy
participan ts.
P articipan t  mapping uses user classes to de fine  complex r elationship s  by mapping the policy participan ts
(recipient, requester, authorizer) to the user class participan ts :
▪User class participan ts  – In personal user classes, the participan t  de fines  something about a user, such ▪
as their loc ation.  For example, the class NEW_YORKER which has a single participan t  named
“RESIDENT”.
In r elational  user classes, the participan ts  de fine  the r elationship  between users. For example, a
default user class that ensures one user is another user’s manager, _MANAGER_DIRECT_, has two
participan ts:  SUBORDINATE and MANAGER.
With both types of user class participan ts,  the function  for each participan t  is unde fined.  These user
classes can be used with any policy. For example, they can be used when de fining  authorizers.
▪Policy participan ts  – de fine  the function  for each user in the current policy. For example, the recipient, ▪
the requester and the authorizer of a request are all possible policy participan ts.
Personal user classes require you to map the single user class participan t.  R elational  user classes require
you to map one or more policy participan ts.This functionality  is highly fle xible  and there are many c on figur ation  possibilities  depending on which
user classes you select and how you map their participan ts.  However, all valid c on figur ations  require an
authorizer.
For example, when de fining  an authorizer using user classes, you could de fine  the r elationship  between
the AUTHORIZER, REQUESTER, and RECIPIENT. The policy participan ts  determine who authorizes
(AUTHORIZER) whose request (REQUESTER) on behalf of whom (RECIPIENT). To de fine  membership for
each policy participan ts,  map user class participan ts  to each policy participan ts.
Getting  started 
To c on figur e  participan t  mapping:
1.Navigate to the Authorizer user classes tab of the resource for which you want to c on figur e 1.
authorizers.
For example:
▪Managed groups > Bravura Group >  General ▪
▪ Segr eg ation  of duties  rules > <rule> > Authoriz ation ▪
▪Managed system policies > <policy> > Authorizers: <type>▪
2.Click the User classes sub-tab.2.
Use Case 1: Manager must approve requests
This use case ensures that a user’s manager must authorize requests before the user can receive access
for a resource, regardless of who makes the request. This case involves two participan ts:  the recipient
and the authorizer. The requester is irrelevant in this case.
The default _MANAGER_DIRECT_ user class can be used to de fine  the required r elationship  between the
recipient and the authorizer.  P articipan t  mapping 
1.Navigate to the Authorizer user classes  page. 1.
2.Add the default _MANAGER_DIRECT_ user class and c on figur e  mapping as follows: 2.
▪MANAGER : Authorizer ▪
▪SUBORDINATE : Recipient ▪
Use Case 2: Printer access must be approved by a user’s manager
In this use case, business rules require that a user’s manager must request access to printers on his
behalf. For example, Joe wants access to a printer and speaks to Bob, his manager. Printer access is
managed by membership to a managed group. Bob issues the request. Additionally ,  business rules
require that Bob’s manager must authorize the request.
P articipan t  mapping 
1.Navigate to the Authorizer user classes  page. 1.
2.Add the default _MANAGER_DIRECT_ user class and c on figur e  the mapping as follows: 2.
▪MANAGER : Requester ▪▪SUBORDINATE : Recipient ▪
This ensures that requests are being performed by the recipient’s manager.
3.Add a second _MANAGER_DIRECT_ user class and c on figur e  the mapping as follows: 3.
▪MANAGER : Authorizer ▪
▪SUBORDINATE : Requester ▪
This ensures that the authorizer is the requester’s manager.
4. Con figur e  the user class matching as follows: 4.
▪The participan ts  have to match which of the user classes : All of the user classes ▪
Use Case 3: Department head must authorize all requests for a high security resource
This use case ensures that a user’s department head must authorize all requests for access to a specific
high-security resource.
This case involves two participan ts:  the recipient of the request and the department head who must
authorize the request.
User class c onfigur ation  
Create and c on figur e  a new user class to de fine  the r elationship:
1.Create a new user class named DEPARTMENT_HEAD . 1.
2.Create P articipan ts : 2.
▪DPT_HEAD: The head of the department▪
▪DPT_MEMBER: A member of the department▪
3. Con figur e  Criteria : 3.
▪Group criteria : Since all department heads are members of the Department Head group, add a ▪
group criteria requiring that the DPT_HEAD participan t  is a member of the "DepartmentHead”
managed group:
▪ P articipan t : DPT_HEAD ▪
▪Membership : Required ▪
▪Target System : AD ▪
▪Group : CN=DepartmentHead,OU=Company,DC=domain,DC=net ▪
▪ Attribut e  criteria : In order to target the department head, add an attribut e  criteria to ensure that ▪
the DEPARTMENT pr ofile  and request attribut e  is the same for both the user and the department
head:
▪ P articipan t : DPT_HEAD ▪
▪ Attribut e : DEPARTMENT ▪
▪ P articipan t ’ s  value must equal the value of this other participan t : DPT_MEMBER ▪
 P articipan t  mapping 
1.Navigate to the Authorizer user classes  page. 1.2.Add the new DEPARTMENT_HEAD user class and c on figur e  the mapping as follows: 2.
▪DPT_HEAD : Authorizer ▪
▪DPT_MEMBER : Recipient ▪