9.Exit SQL Server Management Studio.9.
Note the database name, and the name and password of the login that you create. You will need
these values, as well as the in f ormation  you gathered earlier, when you install Bravura Security Fabric .
Cr eating  a dedicated report database user and schema
The Analytics  app requires a dedicated report database user and schema.
You can allow Bravura Security Fabric  setup to do this for you, as described in SSRS settings  , or use the
following ins tructions  to set up the user and schema yourself.
To create the report user and schema and c on figur e  permissions:
1.Start Micr osoft  SQL Server Management Studio. 1.
2.Connect to the server as a system administrator (sysadmin role).2.
You can do this using SQL Server authentic ation  and the sa account, or using Windows authentic ation
if the Windows user has the sysadmin role.
For example, to connect to the server using the sa account, set:
Server type : Database Engine
Server name:  <host name or IP address> \<instance>
Authentic ation:  SQL authentic ation
Login:  sa
Password  <password for sa>
Click Connect .
3.Create a new schema in the database:3.
a.In the Object Explorer pane expand Databases > <instancedatabase> > Security . a.
b.Right-click Schemas , then click New Schema… . b.
c.Type the Schema name . c.
d.Set the Schema owner to dbo . d.e.Click OK. e.
4.Create a new login:4.
a.In the Object Explorer pane, expand Security . a.
b.Right-click Logins , then click New Login… . b.
c.On the General page, type the Login name . c.
d.Select SQL Server Authentic ation . d.
e.Type and c on firm  the password for the new login. e.f.Deselect the User must change password at next login and Enforce password e xpir ation f.
checkboxes.
g.Set Default database to the instance database created either in a previous install or in step 3. g.
h.Click User Mapping on the left. h.
i.Map the <instance database> to this new user and set the default schema to the schema created ini.
the previous step.j.Click OK. j.
5.Set the user in the database:5.
a.In the Object Explorer pane, expand Databases > <instancedatabase> > Security >  Users . a.
b.Right-click the user created in step 4 and click Pr operties . b.
c.Click General on the left. c.
d.Set the Default schema to the schema you created in step 3. d.e.In the Membership area, enable: e.
▪db_datareader▪f.Click Securables on the left. f.
g.Search and select Schema object types.g.h.Select the instance database's schema.h.
i.Deny this user access to the instance database's schema.i.j.Search and select the report schema you created in step 3.j.
k.Grant Execute and Select permissions.k.l.Click OK. l.
Removing public/guest permissions
By default, in SQL Server, most objects have public permissions granted. If you remove the default public
and guest permissions from your database, for example in SQL server 2014 and after ,  you must ensure
the following steps are performed to ensure Bravura Security Fabric  operates correctly:
1.Start Micr osoft  SQL Server Management Studio. 1.2.Connect to the server as a system administrator (sysadmin role).2.
For example, to connect to the server using the sa account, set:
Server type : Database Engine
Server name:  <host name or IP address> \<instance>
Authentic ation:  SQL authentic ation
Login:  sa
Password  <password for sa>
3.Click Connect . 3.
4.Create a new user:4.
a.In the Object Explorer (left)  pane, expand Databases > SystemDatabases > master > Security , a.
right-click Users , then select New User… .
b.Type the User name . b.
c.Select Login name created in previous section  (on page 178). c.
d.Select Default schema (for example, sys ). d.
e.Select Securables to search and grant select permission on schemas sys and e.
INFORMATION_SCHEMA.
f.Click OK. f.
5.Create a new database role for sp_describe_first_result_set : 5.
a.In the Object Explorer (left)  pane, expand Databases > System Databases > master > Security > a.
Roles , right-click Database Roles , then select New Database Role… .
b.Type the Role name . b.
c.Add user created in previous step to Role Members . c.
d.Select Securables page, and click Search . d.
e.Select sp_describe_first_result_set (Extended Stored Procedures). e.
f.Grant Execute permission, and click OK. f.
6.Repeat last step to create a new database role for sp_executesql . 6.
7.For upgrade or migr ation,  repeat to create a new database role for sp_rename . 7.
8.For upgrade or migr ation,  ensure your login user can connect: 8.
a.In the Object Explorer (left)  pane, expand Security > Logins , and select your login user. a.
b.Select Securables page, and click Search . b.
c.Select your server.c.
d.Under the Permissions for <server> check the following permissions: d.
▪Connect SQL▪
▪Control server▪
▪Create any database▪
▪Create availability group▪
▪Create DDL event notific ation ▪