7.Click Submit . 7.
The P AMUtil:  Create OTP API User PDR creates a managed account that appears in the
PAM_OTP_ACCOUNTS managed system policy  in the format of PAM_UTIL_ <guid> , and a product
administrator  pr ofile  to manage the account.Check out the account
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as a user from the OTP API Trustee group created earlier.1.
2.Click Privileged access from the Privileged access to managed systems section. 2.
3.Click Accounts from the Filter panel . 3.
4.Select the PAM OTP account from the Results panel 4.5.Click Request check-out 5.
6.Click Submit 6.
7.Authorize the request.7.
8.Click Check out from the Actions  panel 8.The PAM OTP account can now be used by the product administrator  pr ofile  created earlier, to retrieve
cr edentials  of managed accounts it has access to using pamutil.
Do not check out the vault account again because it will be randomized on check-out and then the one
used with pamutil  will be wrong as it does not get updated with the new, randomized password.
Example: Onboard a Windows server with subscribers
This example describes how to install the subscriber scenario component, onboard a Windows server and
c on figur e  the subscribers so they receive the new password when it is randomized.
Install the components
Install the components
1.Log in to Front-end (PSF) as a superuser.1.
2.From the main menu click Manage components. 2.
3.Search and select the checkbox for required components.3.
4.Click Install component(s) . 4.
The panel on the right will indicate when the ins t allation  is complete.
for this example:
▪RefBuild.pam_team_management.▪
▪Scenario.pam_system_type_vault.▪
▪ Scenario.pam_sub scriber_v alidation▪
▪Scenario.pam_system_type_winnt▪
Create and set up a team
Create a team administrator:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 1.
2.Select the PAM_TEAM_ADMINS.2.
3.Click the Explicit users tab. 3.
4.Click Select . 4.
5.Search and select a user.5.
6.Click Add. 6.
This user can now log in and create, delete and manage teams.
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as the team administrator.1.
2.Click Manage Resources . 2.
The Pr e-de fined  requests page is displayed.The team administrator can create, delete and manage teams using these pr e-de fined  requests.
3.Click Team: Create . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the team cr eation  wizard
4.Enter the following in f ormation: 4.
▪Team Nme : Vault-Management-Team ▪
▪Team Description : Team to manage system vault ▪
Click Next .
5.Add seven groups. Use the ”More” icon to add more team name fields  to the list. 5.
▪Team Trustees Users who can make team management requests. ▪
▪Account Trustees  Users who can make account management requests (onboard accounts). ▪
▪Approvers  Users who allow or disallow access requests. ▪
▪Auto Approved  Users who can check-out access to systems and accounts without making an access ▪
request.
▪Requesters Users who can make access requests. ▪
▪ Cr edential_Manag er s  Users who can override or randomize the stored password on a checked-out ▪
account.
▪System Trustee Users who can make system management requests (onboard systems). ▪
▪Subscriber Trustees  Users who can make subscriber v alidation  requests. ▪
6.Click Next and add team descriptions. 6.
Click Next .7.Assign privileges to the team groups:7.
▪Team Trustees  Team trustees ▪
▪Account Trustees  Account trustees ▪
▪Approvers  Approvers ▪
▪Auto Approved  Auto_Approved and requesters ▪
▪Requesters Requesters ▪
▪ Cr edential  Managers  Requesters and Cr edential_manag er ▪
▪System Trustees  System trustees ▪
▪Vault Trustees  Vault trustees ▪
▪Subscriber Trustees  Subsriber trustees ▪
The Cr edential_Manag er  privilege allows a user to override or randomize the stored password on a
checked-out account.Click Next .8.Set the initial  team trustees for the new team. There must be at least one team trustee to create a 8.
team.
9.Click Submit . 9.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
10. Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 10.
Once the request has been approved, the team will be c on figur ed.
Add users to the additional  groups in the team.
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as a team trustee.1.
2.From the home page, click Manage resources . 2.
3.Click Team: Manage Group Membership . 3.
4.Select the Vault-Team.4.
Click Next .
5.Select the Account Trustees, Approvers, Auto Approved, Requesters, System Trustees, Vault Trustees,5.
Cr edential  Managers and Team Trustees groups.Click Next .
6.Add members to each team group.6.
7.Click Submit . 7.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
8.Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 8.
Once submitted  and approved, the group’s membership will be updated with the users that have been
selected.
Onboard the Windows system
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as the system trustee for the Windows system team.1.
2.Click Manage Resources . 2.
The Pr e-de fined  requests page is displayed.
3.Click System: Onboard . 3.
4.Select the Windows Server system type from the drop down menu.4.
Click Next .
5.Enter the System FQDN.5.
If the Windows system is not on the domain use <hostname>.local