Pr e-de fined  requests
The Bravura Security Fabric  self-service request facility provides a high degree of fle xibility ,  allowing users
to request access changes that involve oper ations  on technical resources. Requesters may not
understand the technical details, but can express the request in business terms. For example, users may
understand they need to hire a contractor, schedule employee t ermination,  or move an employee to a
new department, but may not understand the technical requirements of adding accounts on a target
system, setting  an account t ermination  date, or managing group membership.
Bravura Security Fabric  allows you to c on figur e  pr e-de fined  requests that:
▪ De fine  common requests in terms that are familiar to users. ▪
▪Reduce the number and complexity of steps required to make a request.▪
You must be a product administrator  with the right to c on figur e  w orkflo w  setup to be able to c on figur e  pr e-
de fined  requests.
In f ormation  regarding the pr e-de fined  request is de fined  in six tabs:
General Contains pr e-de fined  request ID, description,  URL, status of the pr e-de fined  request, where
it can be accessed from, and intended recipients.
Oper ations De fines  which oper ations  will be performed on which resources when the pr e-de fined
request is approved. Oper ations  can be performed on managed groups, e xisting  accounts,
new accounts, roles, and pr ofiles.  You can also de fine  custom oper ations  on other objects.
Attribut es De fines  which attribut e  groups are included as part of the request. This can include pr ofile
and request attribut es  or resource attribut es.
Access control De fines  criteria by which a request is available to a user.
Order and display De fines  sections  and display of the user interface.
Summary Contains a summary of the pr e-de fined  request which includes the general in f ormation  and
lists the oper ations,  attribut e  groups and default attribut es  that are c on figur ed  in the other
tabs.
P r e-defined  request status 
When cr eating  a pr e-de fined  request you must set its status. For a pr e-de fined  request to be used it must
be enabled. An enabled pr e-de fined  request can be deprecated once it is used.
Submitting  pr e-defined  requests during a certific ation  campaign
Reviewers’ requests to modify or revoke entitlemen ts  during a certific ation  campaign are submitted  via
pr e-de fined  requests. Administrators can add customized pr e-de fined  requests when initiating
certific ation  campaigns.
Submitting  pr e-defined  requests using report output 
Users with the ”Manage reports” adminis tr ativ e  right can feed the output of a report back to Bravura
Security Fabric ’s w orkflo w  engine via a pr e-de fined  request.After  running a report, users can select a pr e-de fined  request to submit, and map report columns to
pr ofile  and request attribut es.  The request can be submitted  immediately or scheduled along with the
report. Segments of the report can be submitted  to pr e-de fined  requests with it er ativ e  submissions.
Built-in pr e-de fined  requests
The following is a list of built-in pr e-de fined  requests included in the Bravura Security Fabric :
_AUTORES_ Used by the autores utility  during aut omatic  resource
assignment.
_CERT_ACCOUNT_GROUP_REMEDIATION_ Default r emediation  request for revoking account group
memberships in certific ation.
_CERT_ACCOUNT_REMEDIATION_ Default r emediation  request for revoking accounts in certific ation.
_CERT_ATTR_REMEDIATION_ Default r emediation  request for updating  pr ofile  attribut es  in
certific ation.
_CERT_CHILD_GROUP_REMEDIATION_ Default r emediation  request for revoking child group
memberships in certific ation.
_CERT_ROLE_REMEDIATION_ Default r emediation  request for revoking a role assignment in
certific ation.
_CERT_TRANSFER_REMEDIATION_ Default r emediation  request for transferring a user pr ofile  in
certific ation.
_CERT_USER_REMEDIATION_ Default r emediation  request for revoking a user pr ofile  in
certific ation.
_COMPLETE_ATTRS_ Allows users to supply required pr ofile  and request attribut e
values when enforced enrollment is enabled for this task.
_DISABLE_ACCOUNTS_ Allows help desk users to disable other users’ accounts. The
requester must be a member of the _GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_ user
class and the GLOBAL_HELP_DESK rules must include the ”Disable
account” privilege.
_ENABLE_ACCOUNTS_ Allows help desk users to enable other users’ accounts. The
requester must be a member of the _GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_ user
class and the GLOBAL_HELP_DESK rules must include the ”Enable
account” privilege.
_GROUP_ADD_MEMBERS_ Allows group owners to add accounts and child groups as
members to multiple  groups on target systems, using the Groups
app (on page 1204).
_GROUP_ADD_OWNERS_ Allows group owners to add owners to multiple  groups on target
systems, using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_ADD_PARENTGROUPS_ Allows group owners to add parent groups to multiple  groups on
target systems, using the Groups app.
_GROUP_CREATE_ Allows users who belong to the _GROUP_CREATE_USERS_ user
class  (on page 733) to create a group on a target system, using the
Groups app  (on page 1204)._GROUP_DELETE_ Allows group owners to delete a group on a target system, using
the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_DELETE_MEMBERS Allows group owners to delete members from multiple  groups,
using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_DELETE_OWNERS Allows group owners to delete owners from a multiple  groups,
using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_DELETE_PARENTGROUPS Allows group owners to delete parent groups from multiple
groups, using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_UPDATE_ATTRS Allows group owners to update attribut es  on one or more groups,
using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_UPDATE_MEMBERS Allows group owners to add or remove members from a group,
using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_UPDATE_OWNERS Allows group owners to add or remove owners from a group,
using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_GROUP_UPDATE_PARENTGROUPS Allows group owners to add or remove parent groups from a
group, using the Groups app  (on page 1204).
_IDTRACK_ Used by the idtrack utility  when submitting  requests.
_RESOLVE_ENFORCEMENT_VIOLATIONS_ This pr e-de fined  request is used for rbacenforce -generated
requests. By default, it is enabled but not accessible to requesters.
_RESOLVE_ROLE_DEFICITS_ Allows users to add missing role entitlemen ts.
_RESOLVE_SOD_VIOLATIONS_ Allows users to resolve SoD rules violations.
_UPDATE_ACCOUNTS_ Allows users to request to add or delete accounts from their
pr ofile  or other users’ pr ofiles,  when the requester has
the ”Create account” permission and a template account exists.
_UPDATE_ATTRS_ Allows users to update pr ofile  in f ormation  for themselves or
others, when the requester has the ”Update pr ofile”  permission.
_UPDATE_GROUPS_ Allows users to add or revoke group memberships for themselves
or others, when the requester has the ”Manage group
memberships” permission and groups are managed.
_UPDATE_ROLES_ Allows users to add or remove roles from their pr ofiles  or other
users’ pr ofiles,  when the requester has the ” Add role” permission
and a role exists.
_USER_ADD_GROUPS_ Allows users to join groups using the Groups app.
_USER_DELETE_GROUPS_ Allows users to leave groups using the Groups app.
Getting  started
Requirements 
Before you can create a pr e-de fined  request, you need to set up:
▪ Attribut e  groups  (on page 1304) ▪
▪Managed groups  (on page 585) ▪If your license includes Bravura Identity , you can also set up:
▪Templates  (on page 622) ▪
▪Roles  (on page 635) ▪
▪Network Resources  (on page 575) ▪
Planning 
The way you c on figur e  the pr e-de fined  request depends on whether they will be submitted  from the View
and update pr ofile  (IDR) module, from report output, or from certific ation.  Bravura Security  recommends
that you create separate pr e-de fined  requests to be used specific ally  with reports or with certific ation,
because they have diff er en t  c on figur ation  requirements.
Before cr eating  your pr e-de fined  requests determine:
▪Who requires permission to create pr e-de fined  requests? ▪
▪For each pr e-de fined  request, who should be able to access and/or edit that request? For example, if ▪
it is a request that will be available in reports, the user will also need permission to run reports.
▪How will you manage those permissions? For example, will you have a group on Activ e  Directory that ▪
is attached  to a user class, or will you explicitly attach  accounts to a user class?
▪Which requests do you want to run from the View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module? Bravura ▪
Security recommends that you do not make these requests available to reports or certific ation.
▪Which requests do you want to run from reports? Only these pr e-de fined  requests should be made ▪
available to reports by enabling the Accessible from report option.
▪Which requests do you want to run from certific ation?  Only these pr e-de fined  requests should be ▪
made available to certific ation  by enabling the Accessible from certific ation  option.
Best pr actices  
▪Create pr e-de fined  requests which are only used for reports, a separate set to be used for ▪
certific ation,  and a separate set to be used from the View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module.
▪Use the principle of least privilege; only provide users with privileges which are essential  for them to ▪
do their work.
▪When using report output to submit requests, do a trial run with a subset of data before using all of▪
the records.
Na vig ation  steps 
You use the Pr e-de fined  request in f ormation  page to c on figur e  general in f ormation,  and to access
additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To c on figur e  pr e-de fined  requests:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests . 1.
2.Create or select the request you want to de fine. 2.
You cannot modify a deprecated pre-de fined  request. You must restore it firs t.
Changes to a pre-de fined  request that has been scheduled to run in a report can cause serious
problems. E diting  the pre-de fined  request will change its c omposition  and may invalidate the attribut emappings. There is also the possibility that modifying the pre-de fined  request could change the report
to pre-de fined  request’s intended result.
Bravura Security Fabric  will warn you if the request is scheduled to run in a report; however, you can still
edit the pr e-de fined  request. Remember to thoroughly test your changes.
Examples
This section  includes steps through some typical examples for pr e-de fined  requests.
▪Request a group membership  (on page 1315) ▪
▪Create a new user using a role  (on page 1320) ▪
▪Request a new desktop computer  (on page 1325) ▪
▪Update a subordinate’s scheduled t ermination  (on page 1326) ▪
▪Use report output to disable orphaned accounts  (on page 1328) ▪
▪Use report output to enable disabled accounts  (on page 1330) ▪
Example: Request a group membership
This example demonstrates how to add a pr e-de fined  request to allow users to easily request
membership to a limited set of groups. It assumes you have set up a target system and managed groups
(on page 585).
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests  and add a new request with the 1.
following general settings:
▪ID CHANGELOCALGROUP ▪
▪ Description  Change local group ▪
▪Enabled  Selected ▪
▪Intended recipients  Existing  users ▪
▪ Ins tructions  Select options  to join or leave your local group. ▪
2.Click Add. 2.
You can now de fine  oper ations  and other parameters.  Define  oper ations  
For this example, the request is to assign or revoke group memberships:
1.Click the Oper ations  tab, then the Managed group sub-tab. 1.
2.Click Select… to select managed groups that you want included in the request. 2.
Click Select .
3.Select "Assign group" from the Oper ation  drop-down list, and "Optional"  from the Necessity drop- 3.
down list next to each group.
4.Click Update . 4.
Add access controls to the request 
For this case, use the default _EXISTING_USERS_ class to allow e xisting  users to request the new group
membership.
To set up access controls:
1.Click the Access control tab. 1.
2.Click Select… . 2.
3.Select the _EXISTING_USERS_ user class and click Select . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  warns that you need to complete the access control c on figur ation  by mapping
user class participan ts  to a participan t  in the policy (requester or recipient).
4.Set the P articipan t  mapping to REQUESTER. 4.
5.Click Update . 5.Submit a request 
To submit the pr e-de fined  request, login as an end user:
1.Click View and update pr ofile . 1.
2.Click Change local group . 2.3.Select groups you want to join, then click Submit . 3.
Create a new user using a standard pr e-de fined  request
Bravura Workforce P attern  provides all the necessary c on figur ation  to allow users to submit onboarding
requests for new employees, using the NEW-EMPLOYEE pr e-de fined  request.
This example shows you how to create a new user pr ofile  using a pr e-de fined  request NEW-EMPLOYEE.
Requirement
This example assumes that:
▪You have installed Bravura Workforce P attern  so the pr e-de fined  request NEW-EMPLOYEE has been ▪
added.
▪You have linked the template account AD_TEMPLATE to an actual account on the Activ e  Directory ▪
target system.
▪You have updated the im_policy_authoriz ation  rule for the pr e-de fined  request (PDR) NEW- ▪
EMPLOYEE.
Create a new user
To create a new user:
1.Log into the Bravura Security Fabric  web app as an end user. 1.
2.Click Create a new user pr ofile . 2.
3.Select New employee basic setup . 3.The New employee basic setup request  will be aut omatic ally  triggered if it is the only available
request type in the Create a new user profile  menu.
4.Enter Basic in f ormation  for the new user. 4.
5.Click Next . 5.
6.Enter Mobile in f ormation . 6.
Click Next .
7.Enter Personally identif ying  in f ormation . 7.
Click Next .
8.Enter Work contact in f ormation . 8.
9.Click Submit . 9.
10. Click the link at the top of the page to check the status of the request. 10.
The status is displayed in the Requests app , which users use to track their requests.
Approve the request
To approve the submitted  NEW-EMPLOYEE request:
1.Log in to the Bravura Security Fabric  web app as one of the authorizers of the request. 1.
By default, the authorizers are selected by the authoriz ation  plugin from members of the HR
department. You can update the im_policy_authoriz ation  rule for the NEW-EMPLOYEE PDR to assign
authorizers.
2.From the main menu, click Requests . 2.
The Requests app opens.
3.From the Results panel, select the request you want to review.3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the details in the Actions  panel panel on the right.
4.Review the request.4.
5.Click Approve  and c on firm  the approval by clicking the Approve  button  below the notes field. 5.
Track the results of the request
1.To check the status of the submitted  NEW-EMPLOYEE request as the requester: 1.
2.Log in to the Bravura Security Fabric  web app as the requester. 2.
3.From the main menu, click Requests . 3.
4.The Requests app opens.4.
From the Results panel, select the request you want to review.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the details in the Actions  panel panel on the right.
At fir s t the status will change to "Approved, performing requested oper ations".
After  a few more minutes click the Refresh  button  on the request and you should see the status
change to "Processed" with a comment in the Results column that says, "Success Created with login
ID" indic ating  that the account has been created on Activ e  Directory.Example: Create a new user using a role
This example demonstrates how to de fine  a request to hire a new sales r epr esen t ativ e,  based on a role
that includes necessary accounts and groups.
This case assumes that you have set up target systems and:
▪ Con figur ed  template accounts and managed groups. ▪
▪Added a role called SALESPERSON that contains standard accounts and groups required for sales▪
employees.
▪Created an attribut e  group called ORG-INFO to collect standard in f ormation  such as employment type. ▪
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests  and add a new request with the 1.
following general settings  (on page 1332):
▪ID NEW-SALES ▪
▪ Description  Hire a Sales R epr esen t ativ e ▪
▪Enabled  Selected ▪
▪Intended recipients  New users ▪
2.Click Add. 2.
You can now de fine  oper ations  and other parameters.  
Define  oper ations  
For this use case, the request is to add a role to a new user pr ofile:
1.Click the Oper ations  tab, then the Role sub-tab. 1.
2.Click Select... in the upper table. 2.
3.Select the SALESPERSON role and click Select . 3.
4.Ensure the Necessity is set to ”Required”. 4.