Role enforcement is enabled by default for roles to allow users to request to add any role entitlemen ts
they are missing. This can be changed to requesting  an e x c eption  by disabling role enforcement or
changing the R esolution  for de ficit  violation
4.If required, select a setting  for the R esolution  for de ficit  violation  of role members , to determine 4.
what action  Bravura Security Fabric  takes when it discovers users with the role who do not have
access to all member resources:
▪Add resource▪
▪Request e x ception ▪
▪Inherit enforcement from entitlemen t ▪
The ’Inherit enforcement from entitlemen t ’  setting  will cause an error if any of the member
entitlemen ts  are set with ’Use parent role setting ’ .
5.Click Update . 5.
 Gener ating  a pr ofile  s t atistics  report 
To generate a simple report of users who have a de ficit  violation  for this role, click Generate . Bravura
Security Fabric  does not issue violation  enforcement requests when you run this report. To see a more
detailed report, see the REPORTS  (on page 2891). To list violations  and issue enforcement requests, run
auto discovery  or use the rbacenforce  program.
T esting  users 
To determine whether an individual user has a de ficit  violation,  type the user’s Pr ofile  ID and click Test.
The user’s RBAC enforcement pr ofile  and request attribut e  must be set to true. Bravura Security Fabric
lists:
▪Number of enforced user roles in de ficit ▪
▪Number of enforced user roles in de ficit  with an approved e x ception ▪
▪Number of enforced user roles in de ficit  with a request to resolve ▪
▪Number of unenforced user roles in de ficit ▪
▪Overall de ficits ▪
Con figuring  auto assignment
The aut omatic  assignment engine can aut omatic ally  assign users that are members of a user class to a
role.To set aut omatic  assignment options  for roles:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636). 1.
2.Select the Assignment tab. 2.
3.Select or create to de fine  membership criteria. 3.
4.Click Recalculate to calculate the membership cache. 4.
In a replicated environment, cache rec alculation  can only be performed on the instance which runs
psupdate .
5.Select the Enabled checkbox. 5.
Additional  options  are displayed.
6.Set options  described in the table below to suit your needs. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.
Role assignment options
Option Description
Aut omatic ally  add users that satis f y
the membership criteriaSelect this to allow the aut omatic  assignment program, autores, to
add users that have membership in the specified  user class from
the role during auto discovery.
Aut omatic ally  remove users that no
longer satis f y  the membership
criteriaSelect this to allow the aut omatic  assignment program, autores ,
to remove users that do not have membership in the specified
user class from the role during auto discovery.
Ignore submission limit during auto
discoverySelect this if you want this aut omatic  assignment to exceed the
maximum allowed number of request submissions.
This setting  overrides the global submission limit set by AUTO
ASSIGNMENT MAXSUBMIT DEFAULT (Manage the system >
W orkflo w  > Options  > Aut omation ).
Submit no requests if there are more
than this many oper ations  detected
in a single runSet a limit if you do not want autores to submit any requests if
too many variances are detected. If this happens Bravura Security
Fabric  sends an email to product administrators.
If roles include resources that require passwords, c onfigure  the PASSWORD GEN PLUGIN.
Gener ating  an assignment deficit  or surplus report 
To generate a simple report of users that have a de ficit  or surplus of a role assignment, click the De ficit  or
Surplus sub-tabs. Bravura Security Fabric  does not issue requests when you run this report. You can
search for users on either of these pages. To see a more detailed report, see the REPORTS  (on page
2891). To issue requests, run the autores  program.
T esting  user class 
You can verify that the user class de fined  will produce the correct list of users that will be aut omatic ally
assigned this resource.To test the user class de fined:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636) General tab. 1.
2.Click the Test... button. 2.
3.Type the User ID of the user to evaluate, then click Test. 3.
The Test button  evaluates all criteria defined  for the user class, not just the criteria selected.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the test results, specifying whether the user satis fied  the criteria for the
user class.
To list members of the user class:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page (on page 636) General tab. 1.
2.Click the Test... button. 2.
3.Click List. 3.
The list of members is displayed. If no members are listed, then there are no users matching the
criteria for the specified  participan t.
Con figuring  resource attribut es
It is possible to add resource attribut es  to this resource type; you can use resource attribut es  to create
and set attribut e  values for individual resources. Before you can do this, you must add the resource
attribut es  to at least one resource attribut e  group, and c on figur e  access to resource attribut es.
Depr ec ating  roles
Once a role has been used, you can deprecate it if you want to render it unusable, while preserving it for
auditing  purposes. While it is deprecated, it cannot be requested, included as part of an enabled role, or
deleted. A deprecated role can be restored at a later date.
To deprecate a role:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636). 1.
2.Select the checkbox next to the deprecate button  and enter a Reason for depr ec ation  if wanted. 2.
3.Click Deprecate . 3.
 Restoring a role 
To restore a role:
1.Click Manage the system >Resources > Roles  to see a list of e xisting  roles. 1.
2.Select the role you want to restore.2.
3.Click Restore . 3.Deleting  roles
You can delete roles that are disabled and have not been used yet. You cannot delete a role if it is
enabled or deprecated.
To delete a role:
1.Click Manage the system >Resources > Roles . 1.
2.Select the checkboxes next to the roles you want to delete.2.
If a checkbox is not available next to a role you want to delete, then the role is not disabled. Select the
role, and restore and/or disable the role as necessary, then return to the Roles page.
3.Click Delete and c on firm  the deletion. 3.
Alternately, you can delete a disabled role from its Role in f ormation  page.Oper ation  dependencies
Oper ations  executed by Bravura Security Fabric  connectors can be linked by dependencies; for example
the cr eation  of an Exchange mailbox can be made dependent on an Activ e  Directory account.
Dependencies can also carry target system attribut es  from one oper ation  to the next.
You can use the Manage the system  (PSA) module to set up dependencies that control how data is
exchanged between connectors.
The blackboard architecture allows for complex in t er actions  and makes it possible to perform actions
whose inputs are not known until  an earlier action  completes. You de fine  rules to decide which pieces of
connector output are written  to the blackboard storage area, and which in f ormation  (extra or sub stitut e)
is provided to connector input .
Default rules
Bravura Security Fabric  ships with the following blackboard rules. You can modify them or use them as an example
of how to add your own rules:
Oper ation  dependency ID Description
idsynch::addnACUA The ACUA (Create account) oper ation  on these target system types:
▪Exchange 2007 Server (64 bit)▪
▪SharePoint▪
▪SQL Server▪
is dependent on the ACUA oper ation  on Activ e  Directory DN.
idsynch::addnNR These network resource oper ations  on the SMB Protocol for Activ e  Directory
DN target system type:
▪NRCR (Network resource create)▪
▪NRDL (Network resource delete)▪
▪NRMV (Network resource move)▪
▪NRUP (Network resource update)▪
are dependent on the ACUA oper ation  on Activ e  Directory DN.
The longid output from the ACUA oper ation  is used as input on acctid  for
the network resource oper ations.
idsynch::crtg These group oper ations:
▪GRUA (Assign group)▪
▪GROA (Add group owner)▪
▪GRGA (Add child group)▪
▪GOGA (Add owner group)▪
are dependent on the CRTG (Create group) oper ation  for the same target
system.
There is no data exchanged between these oper ations.
idsynch::delu The ACUA (Create account) oper ation  is dependent on the DELU (Delete user)
oper ation  for the same target system. There is no data exchanged between
these oper ations.  This action  is used for roles.Oper ation  dependency ID Description
idsynch::groupgroupadd The GRUA (Assign group) oper ation  is dependent on the GRGA (Add child
group) oper ation  for the same target system. There is no data exchanged
between these oper ations.
idsynch::groupowner The GROA (Add group owner) and GOGA (Add owner group) oper ations  are
dependent on the GROD (Delete group owner) and GOGD (Delete owner
group) oper ations  for the same target system. There is no data exchanged
between these oper ations.
idsynch::groupowneradd The GRUA (Assign group) and GRGA (Add child group) oper ations  are
dependent on the GROA (Add group owner) and GOGA (Add owner group)
oper ations  for the same target system. There is no data exchanged between
these oper ations.
idsynch::grud The DELU (Delete user) and GRUA (Add group membership) oper ations  are
dependent on the GRUD (group user delete) oper ation  for the same target
system. There is no data exchanged between these oper ations.  This action  is
used for roles.
idsynch::longid The GRUA (Add group membership) oper ation  is dependent on the ACUA
(Create account) oper ation.
The longid from the connector output is stored on the "blackboard”, and sent
to the connector input as the acctid  value.
idsynch::ndsACUA The ACUA (Create account) oper ation  on a Groupwise Domain type target
system is dependent on the ACUA oper ation  on an NDS type target system.
There is no data exchanged between these oper ations.
idsynch::rename The RENU (Rename account) oper ation  on a target system is dependent on
the c ompletion  of any oper ation  on the same target system. There is no data
exchanged between these oper ations.
idsynch::win2kACUA The ACUA (Create account) oper ation  on these target system types:
▪Exchange 2007 Server (64 bit)▪
▪SharePoint▪
▪SQL Server▪
is dependent on the ACUA oper ation  on Activ e  Directory.
For example; SharePoint is tigh tly  integrated with Activ e  Directory. These
rules exists because SharePoint requires that its users also have Activ e
Directory accounts.
Similarly, SQL Server supports Windows user authentic ation,  which
requires that users also have Activ e  Directory accounts. These rules do not
adversely a ff ect  standard users (whose accounts are stored in SQL server
and separate from any Windows domain).Oper ation  dependency ID Description
idsynch::win2kNR The network resource oper ations  on the SMB Protocol for Legacy Activ e
Directory target system type:
▪NRCR (Network resource create)▪
▪NRDL (Network resource delete)▪
▪NRMV (Network resource move)▪
▪NRUP (Network resource update)▪
is dependent on the ACUA oper ation  on Activ e  Directory.
The longid output from the ACUA oper ation  is used as input on acctid  for
the network resource oper ations.
Getting  started
A set of output and input rules, linked by an Operation  dependency attribut e , is de fined  on the Oper ation
dependency in f ormation  page. The page is divided into two main tables:
▪Output from this oper ation - Rules that capture data output by the connector oper ation,  and store it ▪
in a blackboard.
▪Input to this oper ation - Rules that retrieve data from the blackboard, and send it to the input for the ▪
oper ation.
You must be a product administrator  with the ”Manage resources” privilege to access this page.
To de fine  oper ation  dependencies:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Oper ation  dependencies . 1.
2.To de fine  a: 2.
▪A new dependency, click Add new... ▪
▪An e xisting  dependency, search for, or select the dependency you want to view or modify ▪
When you add a new dependency set, you start by de fining  the fir s t output rule.De fining  rules
To de fine  oper ation  dependency rules:
1.Navigate to the Oper ation  Dependencies  (on page 645). 1.
▪Add new rules to a dependency set by clicking Add new … at the bottom  of the output or input ▪
table.
▪Modify an e xisting  rule by selecting  it from the output or input lists tables. ▪
The rule de finition  table is displayed below the two list tables. An e xisting  rule is highlighted if it is
being modified.2. De fine  attribut es  for the output or input rule as described in Table below. 2.
Rules are applied to oper ations  based on matching criteria.
3.Click Add or Update to save your changes. 3.
Data can only be exchanged between related operations;  that is, two or more connector operations
that are part of the same workflo w  request.
You must add additional  logic – using an oper ation  rewrite plugin  (on page 532) or some other method –
to ensure that either the dependent oper ations  are part of the same request, or to ensure that a
necessary c ondition  has already been met.
Oper ation  dependency rule parametersOption Description
Oper ation  dependency attribut e The attribut e  used to identif y  dependencies and link rules to data in the
database.
This field  is only displayed when you are adding a new dependency
Target system type The target system type to match.
If not specified,  all target system types are matched.
Rule to be applied on the same
target system
(Input rules only)If set, this flag indicates that the target system ID to match should be
ignored and that the rule matches the same target system that produced
the blackboard data.
This flag is useful to produce generic rules.
Target system The target ID to match.
If not specified,  all target systems of the type are matched.
Template The w orkflo w  template ID to match.
Oper ation The oper ation  code to match
Connector key The connector key to capture or send. This may be one of a fix ed  list of
keys, that are common to many connector oper ations;  for example:
acctid,longid, shortid, groupid .
Account attribut e The account attribut e  ID to capture or send.
If not specified,  all attribut es  for the target system are matched.
Pr ofile  attribut e The ID of the pr ofile  and request attribut e  to populate. This field  only
applies to output rules.
Priority The priority of a rule. By default, the priority for rules is 500. Priorities  of
lower numerical values are chosen fir s t.  A tie will cause both values to be
returned (which may be useful for multi- v alued  attribut es  whose values
come from multiple  sources).
The data to exchange are determined by the Connector key and account attribut e  fields.  Only one of
these fields  should be populated. Both fields  can be empty, which means that no data exchange will take
place. Rules with these empty fields  can be used to de fine  simple ordering dependencies when the data
doesn’t matter .
When the Pr ofile  attribut e  is set to a valid ID, Bravura Security Fabric  populates the corresponding pr ofile
and request attribut e  with a value determined by Connector key or Target system attribut e  . Bravura
Security Fabric  does this at the time  the connector oper ation  is performed, rather than w aiting  until  the
next auto discovery .