For added security, follow these best pr actices  when choosing to create a special VPN account with a
s t atic  password that Login Assistant will use to connect to the network and update locally-cached
passwords when users are off -sit e.
Presuming that the VPN service you use is capable of this, apply the following limits to this account on
the VPN server side:
1.Create a new, dedicated read-only AD domain controller (DC), which will be used by Local Reset1.
Extension.
2. Con figur e  Bravura Pass to always push new AD password resets to the read/write DC along with any 2.
others.
3. Con figur e  the VPN user to only be able to access: 3.
a.The IP of this DC (all TCP ports).a.
b.The HTTPS URL of Bravura Pass – typically via a load balancer.b.
4.Set a c onnection  timeout  on the VPN user to 10 minutes. 4.
5.Disable intruder lockouts on the VPN user, to minimize the pot ential  for a denial-of-service attack  on 5.
user access to self-service.
Activ e  Directory requirements
Some Activ e  Directory c on figur ation  is required for SSA to function  properly. As a result, it is necessary to
take steps to ensure that c onnecting  SSA clients will use one of the specially -c on figur ed  DCs for their
login server.
▪A dedicated AD "site" must be provisioned.▪
▪One or more read-only domain controllers (RODCs) should be assigned to the AD site mentioned ▪
above.
▪These RODCs will also be deployed in the perimeter network(s) of the VPN endpoint(s).▪
▪This site will need to include an IP subnet to be de fined  below. ▪
▪Ensure timely  delivery of the new password to the RODC. (See Password pr opag ation  delays ▪
between DCs  (on page 1636).)
▪The IP subnets from which the VPN clients will be assigned addresses must also be assigned to this▪
site within AD.
▪One or more domain controllers must be provisioned, and assigned to the dedicated site.▪
▪All DCs in the dedicated site must be c on figur ed  to use a fix ed  TCP port for NTDS and NetLogon RPC ▪
tr a ffic.
▪The DCs must be deployed into the same network into which VPN clients connect, including if that▪
ends up being a perimeter network ("DMZ").
For VPN c onnections  that use a status password it is recommended to use read-only domain
controllers.
Architectural c onsiderations  for deploying read-only domain controllers into a perimeter network is
out of scope for this document. For inf ormation  on perimeter network AD deployments, see http://t echne t.microsoft.c om/ en-us/librar y/dd728034(v=ws.10 ).asp x .
Microsoft  provides some documen t ation  for how to c onfigure  RPC dynamic port alloc ation  and RPC to
use certain ports and how to help secure those ports by using IPsec
Bravura Security does not believe port filt ering  is required between an RODC and its upstream,
writable DC. Nonetheless organiz ations  may port filt er  such traffic  at their discretion  and responsibility
if they wish to do so.
Contact support@bravurasecurity.com  for a more detailed document with a detailed breakdown of
implemen t ation  tasks.
IP subnet requirements
When deploying Login Assistant, provision an IP subnet which:
▪Is used by the VPN endpoints as the IP address pool(s) off er ed  to c onnecting  VPN clients. ▪
▪Can reach the RODCs mentioned  above over the network. ▪
▪Is assigned within the AD to the AD site mentioned  above. ▪
▪Can reach either the Bravura Pass  server or a suitably c on figur ed  reverse proxy by HTTPS. ▪
The VPN endpoint, IP subnet and associated AD site should be provisioned within a perimeter network
("DMZ").
Con figur ation  and usage notes
Timeout
When the SKA is launched using the Change Password  button,  it aut omatic ally  closes after  two minutes if
no activity  takes place on the web page, which is default Windows behavior. The page can also be
c on figur ed  to close after  a pre-determined amount of time  regardless of activity  using the Timeout
option.In  this case, the user is notified  30 seconds before the session is terminated.
Once countdown hits 0 it will wait for 2 minutes before it closes aut omatic ally .  Clicking OK on the
countdown prompt after  it reaches 0 closes the SKA page immediately. Clicking OK when the countdown
is still running closes the Login Assistant page after  the remaining amount of time.
Cr edential  provider and the help account
The Cr edential  Provider add-on uses the help account to login and execute runurl to launch the SKA.
When the Cr edential  Provider is installed, it is recommended that you c on figur e  the help account with a
random password  and that you do not adv ertise  the help account to users. In this setup, the help account
should only be used by the Cr edential  Provider add-on, and users should access Bravura Pass  through the
Cr edential  Provider.Connections  over VPN
When using a VPN to connect to the instance, runurl will search for one of three HTML tags used to
uniquely identif y  the Bravura Pass  login page. The tags expected by runurl are:
▪A hidden <input> element with name="TRANSACTION" and value="F_LOGIN".▪
▪A hidden <input> element with name="TRANSACTION" and value="C_AUTHCHAIN_LOGIN".▪
▪A comment containing a GUID that was created specific ally  for runurl.exe to match: ▪
<!-- 81A84EBD-2CE5-4794-8341-E1828711FFBC -->
If runurl cannot identif y  any of these values, it will default to attempting  a r ec onnection  through
other means.
When VPN c onnection  cr edentials  is changed, you can use skautil to update the encrypted VPN
cr edential,  the help account, and their cached password values kept in registry. This utility  does not
change the actual underlying password.
See skautil usage in f ormation
Use the skautil program to update cached registry values for VPN c onnection  cr edentials  or the
Login Assistant (LSKA) ( help ) userID and/or password used in the secure kiosk account. The program
does not change the underlying password; only the cached registry values.
Usage
skautil.exe -vpnuser <vpnuser> | -vpnpass <vpnpass> | -helpuser help
desk user | -helppass <helppass>
Argument Description
-vpnuser <vpnuser> The new VPN user to write into the registry.
-vpnpass <vpnpass> The new VPN user’s password to write into the registry.
-helpuser help desk user The new help account to write into the registry.
-helppass <helppass> The new help account’s password to write into the
registry.
.
Logging SKA remote c onnection  failure
When the SKA remote c onnection  fails, debugging in f ormation  is provided in the SKA progress window
which displays on the right bottom  corner on the locked-down SKA page. By enabling a registry key called
debugska , the debugging in f ormation  also can be captured in a log file which is generated by using
logutil.exe . The following example demonstrates how to capture dubugging in f ormation:
Ensure that you are comfortable and knowledgeable in the mechanics of the registry before you attemp t
to change any c onfiguration  settings.  Contact support@bravurasecurity.com  if in doubt.
1.On the w ork s t ation  where SKA is installed, create an entry in the Login Assistant registry key to enable 1.
SKA debug:HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\Login
Assistant\Login Assistant\debugska
Entry name  debugska
Value 1
Data type  REG_DWORD
2.Copy the logutil program from the \<ins t ance>\utils  folder on the instance server to a folder on 2.
the w ork s t ation  where SKA is installed.
3.Run a command like the following to launch logutil  to start logging: 3.
logutil -level 5 -instance "Login Assistant" -logfile log.txt
4.Lock the w ork s t ation  and then go to the user log on windows page. 4.
5.Click on the Change my password  tile to launch SKA. 5.
6.Click the details >>  button  displaying on the progress window to browse error messages provided 6.
when remote c onnection  fails.
7.Exit the SKA page.7.
8.Log back to the w ork s t ation  as the user and stop logutil.exe . 8.
9.Open the log file. 9.
Debugging in f ormation  displayed in the progress window should be available in the log file as well.
See logutil  usage
Requirements
You must run the logutil  command as an administrator with sufficien t  privileges.
Usage
logutil.e x e  [options]  -instance <instance> | -cleanup [-instance <instance> ]
Argument Description
-bufmax <count> Maximum number of buff er s.  The default value is the
Windows Events MinimumBuff er s  + 20.
-bufmin <count> Minimum number of buff er s.  The default value is the
number of CPUs + 2.
-bufsize <size> Size of the session buff er s  in multiples  of 4 kb. The
default is 64 kb.
-instance <instance> Instance to watch events for. For Bravura Privilege local
service mode instances, the value is "Privileged Access
Manager Client".
-cleanup Terminate any logging sessions which are not connected
to any activ e  client. If the instance name is specified,  only
the logging session for this particular  instance is cleaned
up.Argument Description
-level <level> Debug level 1-5. Default is 5.
-list List all enabled Event Tracing for Windows sessions.
-logfile  <filename> File to write events to. You must specify an absolute path.
-makekey Generate an instance name and its log GUID in the
registry.
Note:  This option  needs to be run once only.
-maxdelay <maxdelay> The maximum seconds to allow the sorting  buff er  to keep
items before flushing  out into the log file. The default
value is 300.
-maxsorted <count> The maximum number of events that can be sorted in
memory. The default value is 100,000.
-outdbg Write events with an output debug string.
When logutil  runs, a new registry entry is created to record the session. The entry is stored under:
HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\<instance>\LogSession
The name of the entry is the instance name. When you press [enter]  to stop a session, the key will be
gone with the session; however, if you kill the session by typing [Ctrl] +[C], the registry entry will remain.
Use the -cleanup option  to remove remaining registry entries.
Note that various tools also have hardcoded instance names:
▪browser-extension-win: "Browser Extension" ▪
▪ fir e f o x -br o w ser -e xt ension:  "Firefox Browser Extension" ▪
▪hidshext: "Shell Extension" ▪
▪hipamlws-win: "Hipamlws" ▪
▪hippm-sm: "Session Monitor" ▪
▪intcpt: "Password Filter" ▪
▪ ntfclien t:  "Notific ation  Client" ▪
▪ ppm-activ e-c on tr ols:  "PPM Client Activ eX  Controls" ▪
▪pslocalr: "Local Reset Extension" ▪
▪psns: "Notes Extension" ▪
▪ sc ar d-activ e x -c on tr ols:  "SmartCard PIN Management Activ eX  Controls" ▪
▪ska/runurl: " Login Assistant" ▪
▪ pamutil : "pamutil" ▪
Examples
▪To start logging data for client softw ar e  with a debug level of 4, type: ▪
logutil.e x e  -makekey -instance Bravura_client -level 4 -logfile  c:\idarchive.log ▪To start logging data on a local service mode managed system with a debug level of 4, to a log file ▪
named local_service.log, type:
logutil.e x e  -instance "hipamlws" -level 4 -logfile  local_service.log 
▪To start logging data on pamutil and runwithpass with a debug level of 4, to a log file named ▪
pamutil.log ,  type:
logutil.e x e  -instance "pamutil"  -level 4 -logfile  pamutil.log  
▪To start logging data on Activ eX  password disclosure plugins at level 4 to log file activ e x.log ,  type: ▪
logutil.e x e  -instance "PPM Client Activ eX  Controls" -level 4 -logfile  activ e x.log  
You must run logutil with the -makekey argument firs t for the instance "PPM Client ActiveX
Controls".
▪To start logging data for the default Login Manager instance with a debug level of 4, type:▪
logutil.e x e  -instance "Login Manager" -level 4 -logfile  c:\logfile.log  
in f ormation.
Password pr opag ation  delays between DCs
The Local Reset Extension updates locally cached passwords on the end-user’s PC by r e-authentic ating  to
the domain using the new password. The Bravura Pass  server will typically reset the user’s password on
one domain controller ("DC1"), while the user’s PC will attemp t  to authentic a t e  to another domain
controller ("DC2"). This creates a risk that the new password has not yet propagated from DC1 to DC2, or
to other "upstream" DCs such as the PDC Emulator , before the user’s PC attemp ts  r e-authentic ation.
While Bravura Pass  always issues password resets to Activ e  Directory before attempting  the cache-
refresh authentic ation,  it is still possible for network c ong estion  or other factors to result in the
subsequent authentic ation  attemp t  failing.
To mitig a t e  the risk of timing-induced  failures, Bravura Security recommends using Bravura Pass ’s sub-
host plugin feature to dynamically control which domain controllers receive password resets. If this is not
pr actic al,  other mitig ation  strategies may also be considered:
1.Within Bravura Pass , explicitly target one of the DCs in the SSA site, or 1.
2.Use Bravura Pass  to target the domain (rather than any particular  DC), but assign the Bravura Pass 2.
server’s /32 subnet address to the SSA site, or to the best-connected Activ e  Directory site on the
network.
Disaster recovery
Enterprises should consider whether remote, end-user password reset scenarios should be part of
disaster recovery (DR) planning. If required for DR, then multiple  VPN end points should be used, in at
least two diff er en t  regions or physical loc ations.  Furthermore, enterprise Activ e  Directory architects
should be consulted on suitable Activ e  Directory site layout changes needed to leverage those end
points.Self Service Anywhere: In t er activ e  Voice Response systems
Bravura Pass  integrates with In t er activ e  Voice Response (IVR) systems to enable users to authentic a t e
and perform self-service from a telephone.
Bravura Pass  enables users to:
▪ Authentic a t e  to the IVR system and reset their f or g otten  or expired passwords, unlock their accounts, ▪
or manage their RSA SecurID from a telephone.
▪Designate a pr ofile/r eques t  attribut e  to use as an IVR ID during touch-tone identific ation. ▪
To identif y  themselves, users either enter the telephone keypad tr anslation  of alphanumeric IVR IDs,
or simply key in numeric IVR IDs.
▪Complete IVR question  sets used for touch-tone authentic ation. ▪
IVR systems with touch-tone authentic ation  identif y  users by v alidating  numeric data entered on a
telephone keypad.
▪Reliably register voice print samples for voice-print authentic ation. ▪
IVR systems with voice print authentic ation  identif y  callers by analyzing their voice print, and
matching it against a record of each registered user.
Architecture
The network architecture of an integrated Bravura Pass  / IVR system is illustrated below.
In t er activ e  Voice Response in t egr ation  architectureSee Phone Password Manager  (on page 1742) for more detailed in f ormation  about how Bravura Pass
integrates with IVR systems.IVR with touch-tone identific ation
Users are identified  on the network using alphanumeric login IDs. Since most IVR systems do not off er  a
reliable speech-to-text mechanism, they can only accept numeric input. This presents a challenge for a
password reset system: users must enter an alpha-numeric login ID, but the system can only accept a
numeric ID.
Assigning unique, numeric IDs
In or g aniz ations  where each network login ID is already associated with some unique numeric ID, the
simple solution  is to ask users to log into the IVR system by keying in their numeric ID on the telephone
touch pad. Examples of such numeric ID include employee numbers, or home telephone numbers.
Alternately, if a user r egis tr ation  process will be used (e.g., to collect personal security question  data for
user authentic ation),  then users may be asked to key in or select a new numeric personal identifier .  An
example might be the user’s driver’s license number. In this case, users will log into the IVR with their
new numeric ID.
Numeric mapping of alphanumeric login IDs
In some cases, numeric IDs are not available. This may happen if there are no e xisting  numeric IDs
available for all users, or if what numeric IDs exist are not correlated to network login IDs, or if a
r egis tr ation  process is undesirable.
In these cases, users may be asked to log in by pressing the keys on their telephone marked with the
letter s  and numbers of their network login ID. For example, the user smith01 would type 7648401.
Since the digit mapping of two diff er en t  alpha-numeric login IDs may produce the same number (e.g.,
poguh01 also maps to 7648401), an IVR system that uses this technique must allow for number collisions,
and ask the caller to select the correct ID when the entered number resolves to more than one alpha-
numeric login ID.
Selecting  an IVR ID source
You can change the pr ofile  and request attribut e  that is used as a source of users’ IVR IDs (the digits users
enter to identif y  themselves to the IVR phone system). By default, the telephone keypad tr anslations  of
users’ pr ofile  IDs are used as their IVR IDs. Phone Password Manager  finds  a users’ pr ofile  ID by searching
on their "numid" and "altnumid".
The TPM ID ATTR  option  allows you to change the source of IVR IDs by specifying a new pr ofile  and
request attribut e.  When TPM ID ATTR  is in use, Phone Password Manager  finds  users’ pr ofile  IDs by
searching on the specified  attribut e.
For example:
▪Using the default setup of pr ofile  ID Find user "test123" by entering 8378123 on the keypad. This is ▪
the telephone keypad tr anslation  of the user’s pr ofile  ID.▪Using TPM ID ATTR  If user "test123" has their "Telephone number" attribut e  specified  as ▪
"4035550740", then set TPM ID ATTR  to "Telephone number", and enter 4035550740 on the
telephone keypad to find the user.
For the  TPM ID ATTR  option  to work as defined  above, you must associate the "Telephone" profile/
reques t  attribut e  with the account attribut e  "telephoneNumber".
TPM ID ATTR  requires the specified  attribut e  to only contain numeric characters; it cannot contain
alphabetic  or special characters.
IVR with touch-tone authentic ation
IVR systems with touch-tone authentic ation  identif y  users by v alidating  numeric data entered on a
telephone keypad. This includes Phone Password Manager .
IVR question  sets
A simple process to authentic a t e  users is to ask them to answer one or more security questions  with
numerical answers. Numerical security questions  should have the following char act eristics:
▪Answers should be private – r elativ ely  hard for anyone other than the user to come by. ▪
▪Answers should be easy – users should be able to quickly and reliably answer the questions,  without ▪
having to remember anything new, and with a low likelihood of making mistakes.
Here are a few examples of numerical security questions  that meet the above criteria:
▪Social Security Number▪
▪Employee number (if this is typically secret)▪
▪Driver’s license number▪
▪Insurance policy number (if printed on a card the user carries with him, or if used often) ▪
▪Date of birth (of self or a close family member)▪
▪First or current home telephone number▪
Since all of these may be acquired by a third party, it makes sense to use more than a single question,  to
randomize which questions  are used for any given authentic ation  session, and to lock out users who
repeatedly fail to authentic a t e.
Using too few numerical security questions,  or using data that is too easily acquired by an intruder, has
the e ff ect  of reducing password strength on the network. Biometric voice print verific ation  (on page
1641) is a stronger technology.
Con figuring  IVR question  sets
You can set up one or more question  sets for IVR systems that use touch-tone authentic ation.  Users
authentic a t e  over the phone by keying in numerical answers to questions  that you de fine  in Bravura
Pass .
Ensure that: