If the product administrator is also a w orkflo w  manager, data in the "Submit date" column in
"W orkflo w:P ending  request" box is presented as linkable. The request detail page will be opened by
clicking these links.Graphs and data
If you have the "View w orkflo w  dashboard" privilege, you can view in-depth data in a pop-up window by
clicking on elements on the pie chart or circles on the line graph.OrgChart dashboard
 Applies to Bravura Identity  
 Applies to Bravura Privilege
Product administrators with the "View OrgChart dashboard" privilege can click View dashboards
> OrgChart  to see OrgChart s t atistics.  This includes numbers of managers and subordinates, orphan
pr ofiles,  participan ts  in Org building rounds, request to attach  and detach.
This dashboard does not use cached data.
Enrollment dashboard
Product administrators with the "View enrollment dashboard" privilege can click View dashboards
> Enrollment  to see s t atistics  for the number of users who have completed enrollment requirements,
such as c ompleting  a security question  pr ofile,  attaching  alternate login IDs, updating  pr ofile  in f ormation,
enabling password s ynchr oniz ation,  g ener ating  voice print enrollment PINs, or registering mobile devices.
A bar graph is included to display the enrollment s t atistics.
This dashboard uses cached data. A total diff erenc e  of more than 50 users will trigger the dashboard to
be recalculated. For example, if 55 users were added and 50 where removed before the page is revisited,
the View dashboards (dash) module will only see a diff erenc e  of five users and will not recalculate the
dashboard.Graphs and data
If you have the "View enrollment dashboard" privilege, you can view in-depth data in a pop-up window
by clicking on elements within a graph.Help desk dashboard
Product administrators who have the "View help desk dashboard" privilege can click View dashboards
> Help desk  to view in f ormation  about all oper ations  in the Help users (IDA) module by help desk users
or help desk managers.
Product administrators can view s t atistics  of both help desk users and help desk managers.
The Help desk s t atistics  page  shows three bar graphs:
▪Top fiv e users helped by a help desk user or a help desk manager along with a bar chart ▪
▪Top fiv e oper ations  performed by a help desk user or a help desk manager along with a bar chart ▪
▪Top fiv e help desk users or help desk managers performing help oper ations  along with a bar chart ▪Hover over anywhere on a bar to see s t atistic  details. Click on anywhere on a bar to view a pop-up
window in which there is a list of detailed records performed for a specific  user helped, a specific  help
oper ation,  or a help desk user or a help desk manager.
The line graph included at the bottom  of the page displays the trend of performed oper ations  per day
over a period of days. You can:
▪Hover the cursor over the data set to see s t atistic  details. ▪
▪Click on the data set to view a pop-up window in which there is a list of detailed records performed▪
for a specific  help desk oper ation.  The in f ormation  includes the oper ation  that was performed, when
the oper ation  was performed, the requester, the recipient and the result.
▪Hover over an item in the legend to highlight the r elativ e  line on the graph. ▪
▪Click on an item in the legend to enable/disable the r elativ e  line on the graph. ▪
Use the facility to focus the s t atistic  on a particular  user.
You can pin graphs by hovering over the pin symbol 
  and selecting  Pin an object.Users reports
Accounts
Purpose:  Accounts with their associated pr ofile  and target system.
In addition  to account long IDs, the report displays the target system that each account was listed from,
and the user that owns each account.
Executable: account
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Account Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of long IDs (not
short IDs) that match the accounts you want to include in
the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more
accounts.
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs to only include accounts from those systems.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more target
systems.
Target system group Select one or more target groups to include in the report.
The list only includes target groups that are in use with
the instance being c on figur ed.
Account status Select one or more values to only include accounts with a
matching account status. The possible values are:
Auto associated:  accounts that were aut omatic ally
associated with a pr ofile  ID.
Manually claimed:  accounts that were manually
associated with a pr ofile  ID.
Unclaimed:  accounts that are not associated with a
pr ofile  ID.
Deleted:  accounts that can no longer be listed from a
target system.
Filtered:  accounts that have been filt er ed  out by ID
filt er s.
By default, all account statuses are selected. This field
applies to detail or summary report types only.
Deleted by Choose a method on which an account has been
removed from the drop-down list. All method is selected
by default.
All: lists all deleted accounts
Bravura Security Fabric : lists all accounts that were
deleted by Bravura Security Fabric . The ’track account