Option Description
Aut omatic ally  manage groups Con figur e  this option  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to aut omatic ally
manage groups listed on the target system. This option  applies to Activ e
Directory, Oracle Database, or Domino Server Script target system types. Some
systems have thousands of groups; this option  may slow down the listing
dr amatic ally  and require a lot of space in the backend database; best pr actice  is
to manage only the groups whose membership matter s  for the purposes
Bravura Security Fabric  is used. Select one of the following:
(Disabled) : No groups will be aut omatic ally  managed; this is the default setting.
Only groups with owners, moderated by owners:  Only manage groups that
have an owner. Assign the owner as the group authorizer.
All groups, approval required:  Manage all groups on the target system. If a
group has an owner, then the owner is assigned as the group authorizer. If a
group has no owner, then authorizers must be manually assigned.
Groups whose membership will
be listedIf group listing  is enabled, use this option  to determine the groups whose
membership will be listed. Bravura Security Fabric  generates the group
membership lists during auto discovery. Select one of the following:
Managed groups: Only accounts immediately in the managed group will be
listed (nested group members are not listed), and only for groups that are
managed by Bravura Security Fabric .
Managed groups and child groups (if supported):  Group membership will be
listed for managed groups and any nested group of a managed group, if the
target system’s groups can be c on figur ed  hierarchically.
All groups:  Group membership will be listed for all groups, regardless of
whether Bravura Security Fabric  manages their membership.
Note: This option  only controls what is written  to the membership list files
during auto discovery.
To enable membership of non-managed groups to be displayed on Bravura
Security Fabric  module pages, enable all accounts to be discovered objects for
targets c on figur ed  to list group membership.
Allow child resources, including
templates and managed
account groups, to inherit
implemen t ation  c on figur ationEnable this option  to aut omatic ally  c on figur e  implementers for resources based
on the host target system’s resource oper ation  c on figur ation.  You can override
this setting  on the managed group and template in f ormation  pages.
Check password expiry For some target systems (Novell Directory Services (NDS), Micr osoft  Windows
server, Activ e  Directory, SQL Server), Bravura Pass can also extract a list of users
whose passwords will expire soon, or have already expired. This setting  is
enabled by default if the account attribut es  are listed, otherwise it’s
unavailable.
The list can be used by the Bravura Security Fabric  notific ation  system to warn
users of pending expiry.Option Description
Program to generate a list of
target systemsSome target system entries may actually represent c ollections  of actual target
systems; for example, an Activ e  Directory domain can be managed as a
c ollection  of domain controllers. The sub-host plug-in is used in these cases,
and this field  is where you enter the name of the plug-in. Sub-host plug-ins are
subject to the same timeout  interval as password connectors.
Connector time  out Connectors are given a finit e  amount of time  to perform oper ations,  before
Bravura Security Fabric  stops them. Use this field  to set that timeout  (in
seconds). A setting  of -1 will give the connector in finit e  time.
The default is 300  (fiv e  minutes). If oper ations  take longer than this time,  they
will be retried according to the c on figur ation  of the Password Manager service
(idpm) or the T r ansaction  Monitor Service (idtm): Comma-delimited list of
intervals (in minutes) to wait before retrying failed requests.
List time  out Connectors should be given a finit e  amount of time  to run during listing  before
Bravura Security Fabric  stops them. Use this field  to set that timeout.  The
default is -1 (in finit e),  because the product can’t tell how long each target can
take to list. A correctly c on figur ed  target system should not use in finit e
timeouts.
Minimum list file size (bytes) List files must be at least this large (in bytes). Smaller files are discarded, and
replaced by their backups.
List of proxies to run connectors
onProxy servers which can run connectors on behalf of the main Bravura Security
Fabric  server. List servers, separated by a semicolon, in the format:
<server name>/<port number>;<server name>/<port
number> .
The default behavior is to attemp t  to connect to proxies in the order in which
they are listed. The fir s t successful c onnection  is used as the proxy to run the
connector. To c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to attemp t  to connect to proxies
in random order, enable the AGENT PROXY RANDOM  setting  on the Manage
the system > Maintenance > Connector behavior > Options  page.
Allow incremental listing Attribut e  lists can be very large. Bravura Security Fabric  supports incremental
listing  of account attribut es  on some target system types, such as LDAP and
Activ e  Directory. For these targets, once the initial  discovery has been run,
Bravura Security Fabric  will only list attribut es  for an account if it detects that
the user has changed on subsequent runs of auto discovery. This setting  is
enabled by default for target systems that support it. You can generate a full list
of account attribut es  during the next auto discovery by clicking Generate full
list on the Target system in f ormation  page. You must c on firm  your request
before the change takes e ff ect.Option Description
Enable persistent listing This feature allows Bravura Security Fabric  to receive changes from Activ e
Directory and AD LDS LDAP as they happen on the domain controller. This
feature is only present on Activ e  Directory DN and LDAP Directory Service
target systems. It is disabled by default
Copy data from these targets,
separated by commas, during
auto-discoveryThis is used along with the "Connector e x ecution  order" auto-discovery list as
well as a post psupdate script for this target to copy the listing  data from one or
more other targets and to use for the list file for this target. For more
in f ormation  see Cr eating  a list file and copying data from other targets  (on page
516).
 
 The phase to which group
owner should be added when
being aut omatic ally  added as
authorizerThis option  is available if phased authoriz ation  is enabled and if the target
system supports it. This is useful, for example, in cases where a user’s manager
must approve a request before it is sent to the group owner. The default is to
add group owners to phase one.
Account Policy
Allow users to verify passwords Select this checkbox if you want the connector to verify passwords on this
target system. If not selected, users will not be able to select the target system
for authentic ation.
 Check accounts for
uniqueness when cr eating  new
pr ofile  IDsSelect this checkbox if you want to ensure that new pr ofile  IDs do not c on flict
with IDs on this system.
 Program to set the case of
new IDsWhen a new ID for this target system is created, use this program to set the
case. Bravura Security Fabric  provides 2 built-in programs: upper.pss  uses all
uppercase characters; lower.pss  uses all lowercase characters. Bravura
Security Fabric  uses lower.pss  by default.
 Policy for new account
requests when the user has an
e xisting  account on the target
systemSet this option  to determine whether you want template requests to use the
e xisting  account (do nothing) or create a new account.Option Description
 Target system group Select the target system group to which this target system belongs. Target
systems can be grouped in Bravura Security Fabric to apply diff er en t  password
policies, apply diff er en t  s ynchr oniz ation  rules, or to allow help-desk users to
manage a subset of target systems.
Allow users to change
passwordsSelect this checkbox if you want the connector to change passwords on this
target system.
If not selected, the connector does not run, and success is always assumed. The
target system is not displayed on the results page, and the Password Manager
service (idpm) does not change passwords on this target system.
Accounts must be included in all
password changesSelect this checkbox if this target system must be selected for password
oper ations.  On web pages which include target system selection,  the selection
box for this target system is grayed out. Users cannot deselect it.
This applies only when the target system belongs to a target system group
where web password change r es trictions  are set to Any number of accounts
can be selected for a password change  or All accounts are selected for
password change . The Only one account can be selected for a password
change  group setting  overrides this target system setting..
Allow users to unlock accounts Select this checkbox if you want Bravura Pass to manage unlocking accounts on
this target system. If not selected, accounts on this target system cannot be
unlocked using Bravura Pass .
Users must have accounts Select this checkbox if Bravura Security Fabric  users must have an account on
this target system. This option  is specific  to the Attach  other accounts(PSL)
module.
Allow other users to attach
auto-associated accountsSelect this checkbox to allow a user to attach  a login ID from another user on an
auto-associated target system, using the Attach  other accounts(PSL) module.
Allow enabling accounts Currently not in use. The "enabling accounts" privilege is c on figur ed  using user
access rules  (on page 706) .
Allow users to detach manually -
attached  accountsBy default, allowing or disallowing users to detach manually -attached  accounts
from their pr ofile  is controlled by the PSL ALLOW DELETE  option.  The system
default is displayed as the “E ff ectiv e  setting ” .  You can override the default
behavior on individual target systems by selecting  Yes or No from the drop-
down list.Option Description
 Pr ofile/r eques t  attribut e
specifying container DNThe ID of a pr ofile  and request attribut e  to provide a place to prompt the user
for the destination  container when cr eating  or moving accounts on c on t e x t -
sensitiv e  target systems.
Display modules
Attach  other accounts Select this checkbox if you want users to be able to attach  accounts on this
target system. If not selected, the target system will not appear on the self-
service login ID r ec onciliation  page.
View and update pr ofile By default the target system in f ormation  is listed for user management.
Deselect to hide the target system on user management pages.
Change passwords Select this checkbox if you want users to be able to choose to change their
passwords on this target system. If not selected, the target system will not
appear on the self-service Change passwords  page. Note that you can still force
password changes on a target system via s ynchr oniz ation.
Unlock accounts Select this checkbox if you want a user to be able to unlock their account on
this target system. If not selected, the accounts on this target system will not
appear on the self-service Unlock accounts  page.
Help users > Attach  other
accountsSelect this checkbox if you want help-desk users to be able to attach  ID on this
target system to users’ pr ofiles.  If not selected, the target system will not
appear on the adminis tr ativ e  login ID r ec onciliation  page.
Help users > Change passwords Select this checkbox if you want help-desk users to be able to change users’
passwords on this target system. If not selected, the target system will not
appear on the assisted Password changes page.
Help users > Unlock accounts Select this checkbox if you want a help-desk user to be able to unlock accounts
on this target system. If not selected, accounts on this target system will not
appear on the Help users Unlock accounts  page
for in f ormation  about other general options.
To provision other items, such as office  equipment, create your inventory target with the following
parameters:
Parameter Setting
ID For example: Warehouse
Type NULL target
Description For example: WarehouseAddress For example: N.A. (required but not used)
Other parameters DefaultInventory Loc ations  and Types
Set up loc ation  and type values to help you de fine,  search for, and manage inventory. For example, you
may want to assign inventory items to users based on:
▪Physical loc ation ▪
▪Territory▪
▪Rights allowed▪
▪Seniority▪
▪Term of employment▪
Inventory loc ations  and types are required for managing inventory items. Bravura Security Fabric  uses
loc ation  and type values to de fine  and manage inventory. Inventory managers are responsible for
inventory items based on loc ation  and type.
Adding loc ations
To add a loc ation:
1.Click Inventory > Loc ations . 1.
2.Click Add new… 2.
3.Type a unique ID and Description  to display to users. 3.
4.If required, type the State/province , Country , and Area code . 4.
This in f ormation  is only displayed on this page.
5.Click Add. 5.
Adding item types
To add an item type:
1.Click Inventory > Item types . 1.
2.Click Add new… 2.
3.Type a unique ID and a Description  to display to users. 3.
4.Click Add. 4.
Deleting  loc ations  and item types
You can delete loc ations  and types provided that they are not used to de fine  any inventory items,
templates, roles, or Bravura Groups.
From the Loc ations  or Item types page, enable the checkbox next to the loc ation  or item type that you
want to delete, then click Delete . If required c on firm  your actions  (on page 360).Inventory Templates
Bravura Identity  uses inventory templates to attach  inventory items to user pr ofiles.  This chapter shows
you how to use the Manage the system  module to:
▪Add inventory templates▪
▪ Con figur e  template-level authoriz ation ▪
▪ Con figur e  template-level resource oper ations ▪
Getting  started
Requirements for inventory templates 
Before you add templates for inventory management:
1.If you will be using Bravura Identity to provision SecurID tokens, read the Connector Pack 1.
Documen t ation  for requirements.
2.Add a target system for inventory provisioning  (on page 2657). 2.
You can add target system from the Resources > Target systems or the Inventory > Target systems
menu. For the provisioning of:
▪Items such as computers and other equipment, set up a NULL type target system.▪
▪SecurID tokens, set up an RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 type target system. ▪
▪Vasco IDENTIKEY tokens, set up an Vasco IDENTIKEY Server type target system.▪
3. Optional:  Set up model accounts to use as templates. 3.
You do not need to set up model accounts in order to provision tokens or other inventory. Inventory
templates are used to attach  inventory items to user profiles  rather than create new accounts.
4. Optional:  De fine  s t atic  authorizers  (on page 705) in the  Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Authorizers 4.
menu so that you can assign them to templates as approvers or implementers.
Na vig ation  steps
Use the Inventory template inf ormation  page to c on figur e  general inventory template in f ormation  and to
access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click .1.
2.To de fine  Manage the system > Inventory > Template accounts : 2.
▪A new template – click Add new… ▪
▪An e xisting  template – search for, or select the template you want to view or modify. ▪
From an e xisting  template’s in f ormation  page, you can click the Authoriz ation  tab (on page 2669) or the
Resource oper ations  tab (on page 2673). To return to the template in f ormation  page, click the General
tab.Adding templates
To add an inventory template:
1.Navigate to the  Inventory template inf ormation  page. 1.
Use the Inventory template inf ormation  page to c on figur e  general inventory template in f ormation  and
to access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click .1.
2.To de fine  Manage the system > Inventory > Template accounts : 2.
▪A new template – click Add new… ▪
▪An e xisting  template – search for, or select the template you want to view or modify. ▪
From an e xisting  template’s in f ormation  page, you can click the Authoriz ation  tab (on page 2669) or
the Resource oper ations  tab (on page 2673). To return to the template in f ormation  page, click the
General tab.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table Inventory Template options  (on page 2669) as required. 2.
3.Click Add. 3.
If you are implementing  a role-based access control system  (on page 2409), it is recommended that
inventory templates are not themselves members of managed groups. This allows you to control
group membership by including the group as a member of a role.
Inventory Template options
Option Description
ID A unique identifier  for the template.
Description The description  to display to users.
Target system Search for, or type the ID of the target system you want.
For inventory templates, the list of systems is limited to those on which a
user does not require an account to be provisioned inventory.
Password required Deselect this checkbox if accounts created from this template do not require
a password.
Loc ation Select a loc ation  (on page 2667) for the template
Item Type Select a type  (on page 2667) for the template
Override implemen t ation
c on figur ationDetermine whether to inherit implemen t ation  c on figur ation  from the target
system, specify t empla t e-specific  implementers, or a c ombination  of both.
Account to clone when cr eating  a
new userSearch for, or type the login ID of the account you want to use as a model or
blueprint.
This is optional  for inventory templates.
Con figuring  template-level authoriz ation
De fine  authoriz ation  in f ormation  for templates to:▪Set the number of approvals or denials required for requests involving the template.▪
▪Assign s t atic  authorizers to de fine  who can approve account requests based on the template. ▪
Users must be loaded into the Bravura Security Fabric database before you can de fine  them as
authorizers.
You must assign enough authorizers to meet the minimum number of authorizers requirement. If you do
not do this, requests involving the resource are aut omatic ally  denied unless authorizers are assigned by a
w orkflo w  plug-in.
Inheriting  authoriz ation  c on figur ation  from the target system
You can c on figur e  target systems so that templates inherit the authoriz ation  c on figur ation  settings  of the
target system. You can also override the c on figur ation  for a template, or add authorizers.
Enable inheritance by selecting  the Default authoriz ation  for child resources,including templates and
managed groups, will be inherited from the target system option  on the relevant Target system
in f ormation  page  (on page 494).
To override or add to the c on figur ation  for a template:
1.Navigate to the Inventory template inf ormation  page 1.
Use the Inventory template inf ormation  page to c on figur e  general inventory template in f ormation  and
to access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click .1.
2.To de fine  Manage the system > Inventory > Template accounts : 2.
▪A new template – click Add new… ▪
▪An e xisting  template – search for, or select the template you want to view or modify. ▪
From an e xisting  template’s in f ormation  page, you can click the Authoriz ation  tab (on page 2669) or
the Resource oper ations  tab (on page 2673). To return to the template in f ormation  page, click the
General tab.
.
2.Set Override authoriz ation  c on figur ation  to: 2.
▪Only use inherited c on figur ation ▪
▪Do not inherit any c on figur ation ▪
▪Add to inherited c on figur ation  (default) ▪
3.Click the Authoriz ation  tab. 3.
▪If you chose to not inherit authoriz ation,  then the page shows authoriz ation  explicitly setup for the ▪
template; no authoriz ation  from the target system should display.
▪If you chose to add to inherited authoriz ation,  then the page displays settings  that are both ▪
inherited and explicitly set for the template.
When you choose to add to inherited authoriz ation,  the minimum number of required authorizers
will be determined by the larger value set for the template or target system.