5.Select a sour ce-of -pr ofiles  target system from the list of target systems available. 5.
6.Click Update . 6.
7.Click Yes next to  Include review of pr ofile  attribut es. 7.
8.Click the R emediation  tab. 8.
9.Click the input field  for Add pr ofile  and select the "Add user" request you created above. 9.
10. Click Update. 10.
11. Click the Reviewers tab to choose reviewers for the campaign. 11.
12. Click Continue  to choose a single reviewer. 12.
13. Click Select… . 13.
14. Search for and select a reviewer. 14.
15. Click the Submit tab. 15.
16. Enter a Certific ation  campaign description . 16.
17. Click Launch campaign . 17.
18. Click Start new campaign . 18.
Review and create a new user in the certific ation  campaign
1.Log in as the reviewer.1.
2.Click the link Please review access for <campaign description>  to commence the certific ation 2.
campaign.
The New user  button  is displayed in the campaign form.3.Click New user  to open the request wizard. 3.
4.Complete the wizard and submit.4.
The request for a new user is submitted  immediately.
Other remediation  requests, for example to remove entitlemen ts,  are submitted  once the reviewer has
completed their review.
5.Review the remaining items and sign-off  the certific ation. 5.
Peer groups, consistency c alculations  and aut omatic  actions
Reviewer f atigue  can be a problem in cases where reviewers must review many users and entitlemen ts  in
a campaign; the danger is that reviewers may start to pay less attention  and certif y  items that should be
revoked. To alleviate this problem, you can c on figur e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns to:
▪Display consistency among peers.▪
▪ Aut omatic ally  certif y  entitlemen ts,  or identif y  entitlemen ts  that are candidates for r e v oc ation,  based ▪
on risk.
Consistency among peers
You can c on figur e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns so that reviewers see r ec ommendations  of items
to pay particular  attention  to, based on consistency among peers.
A peer group is a group of users with some attribut e  in common; for example, users working at the same
loc ation  or department, or having the same manager.
When c on figur ed  for a round, a Consistency column is displayed in the certific ation  campaign review
page. Consistency is visually represented by a color bar with a number s t ating  the percentage of peers
having the same entitlemen t.  This can help the reviewer to decide whether to retain or revoke a user’s
entitlemen t.
The consistency color bar is:1.Red, where an entitlemen t  is inconsistent, or out -of -pattern ; that is, most of a user’s peers do not 1.
have this entitlemen t.
This is indicated where the number of users with the entitlemen t  is between 0% and a lower
threshold.
2.Yellow, where an entitlemen t  is possibly out -of -pattern:  that is, some of the user’s peers have the 2.
entitlemen t,  and some don’t.
This is indicated where the number of users with the entitlemen t  is between a lower threshold and an
upper threshold.
3.Green, where an entitlemen t  is consistent, or in-pattern ; that is, most of a user’s peers have the 3.
entitlemen t.
This is indicated where the number of users with the entitlemen t  is between an upper threshold and
100%.
The lower and upper thresholds can be set globally and when submitting  a campaign.
The entitlemen t  consistency c alculation  is done every time  the reviewer opens the certific ation  app to
review.
If you disable the global CERT CONSISTENCY CALCULATION setting ,  consistency c alculations  are turned
off for activ e  campaigns. When CERT CONSISTENCY CALCULATION is enabled, you can c on figur e
consistency c alculations  at the global level or at the campaign level.
The setup and usage of consistency c alculations  are demonstrated in Example: Entitlemen t  consistency
r ec ommendations  (on page 2543).
Aut omatic  action  based on risk
If entitlemen t  consistency c alculations  are enabled for a certific ation  round, entitlemen ts  can also be
aut omatic ally  certified  or revoked based on a resource attribut e  comparison. This can reduce the number
of items that reviewers must act on, although they can still override the calculated action  if they prefer.
The resource attribut e  to compare may be a boolean, string, integer, or date that indicates that an
entitlemen t  is a low risk, and so can be aut omatic ally  certified,  or high risk, and so should be revoked.
As an example, if 85% of a support analyst group has an account on a target system that is a low security
risk, it will be marked in the certific ation  app as aut omatic ally  certified.
The setup and usage of aut omatic  actions  are demonstrated in Example: Aut omatic  actions  (on page
2550).
Use case: Entitlemen t  consistency r ec ommendations
This use case illustrates how to set up the entitlemen t  consistency r ec ommendations  when certif ying
group memberships. The peer group is users that have the same manager, calculated based on the
ORGCHART_MANAGER attribut e,  which is a member of the CERT_ORGCHART_MANAGER group.Configur e  global settings  
To c on figur e  global settings  for the r ec ommendation  engine:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules > Manage certific ation  process   (CERT ). 1.
2.Set the following:2.
CERT CONSISTENCY ATTRIBUTE GROUP CERT_ORGCHART_MANAGER
CERT CONSISTENCY CALCULATION Enabled
CERT CONSISTENCY MINIMUM 5
CERT CONSISTENCY USERS LOWER THRESHOLD 20
CERT CONSISTENCY USERS UPPER THRESHOLD 80
3.Click Update 3.
Start an entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign 
To start an entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign:
1.From the main menu, click Manage certific ation  process . 1.
2.Click Start entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign . 2.
3.Select entitlemen ts  to be reviewed. 3.Click Next: Users .
4.Select users to be reviewed.4.
Click Continue
5.Click the Reviewers tab to choose reviewers for the campaign. 5.
6.Click Continue  to choose a single reviewer. 6.
7.Click Select… . 7.
8.Search for and select the appropriate user.8.
9.Click the Peer groups tab to review the settings  for marking consistent entitlemen ts. 9.
Note that the Enable c alculating  consistency across peers checkbox is enabled by default.
Modify settings  to mark items for consistency as required.10. Click the Submit tab. 10.
11. Type a Certific ation  campaign description . 11. 
12. Click Launch campaign . 12.
13. Click Start new campaign . 13.
Review in certific ation  app 
To review items in the certific ation  app:
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as the reviewer 1.
2.Click the notific ation  link or click Review entitlemen ts  and c on figur ations  to view the campaign 2.
review page. In the above screenshot:
 This peer group is too small for c alculations.
 This entitlemen t  is out -of -pattern.  Only 14% of the user’s peers have this entitlemen t.
 This entitlemen t  is possibly out -of -pattern.  50% of the user’s peers have this entitlemen t.
 This entitlemen t  is in-pattern.  80% of the user’s peers have this entitlemen t.
You can hide the Consistency column by toggling Hide / show columns .
Use case: Aut omatic  actions
This use case illustrates how to use entitlemen t  consistency c alculations  and resource attribut e
comparison  (on page 2542) to aut omatic ally  certif y  items or identif y  r e v oc ation  candidates in a
certific ation  campaign.
This use case assumes the following global settings  under Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage
certific ation  process ( CERT ):
CERT CONSISTENCY ATTRIBUTE GROUP CERT_ORGCHART_MANAGER
CERT CONSISTENCY CALCULATION Enabled
CERT CONSISTENCY MINIMUM 5
CERT CONSISTENCY USERS LOWER THRESHOLD 20
CERT CONSISTENCY USERS UPPER THRESHOLD 80
Create a resource attribut e  to compare to trigger aut omatic  actions  
To set up a resource attribut e  to compare:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut es . 1.
2.Click Add new... 2.
3.On the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page, enter the following values: 3.
ID RISK
Description RISK
Type Integer
Leave other values as default.
The resource attribut e  must be date, boolean, string, or integer type. For string and integer types the
maximum number of values must be 1.
4.Click Add. 4.