Option Description
 Target system group Select the target system group to which this target system belongs. Target
systems can be grouped in Bravura Security Fabric to apply diff er en t  password
policies, apply diff er en t  s ynchr oniz ation  rules, or to allow help-desk users to
manage a subset of target systems.
Allow users to change
passwordsSelect this checkbox if you want the connector to change passwords on this
target system.
If not selected, the connector does not run, and success is always assumed. The
target system is not displayed on the results page, and the Password Manager
service (idpm) does not change passwords on this target system.
Accounts must be included in all
password changesSelect this checkbox if this target system must be selected for password
oper ations.  On web pages which include target system selection,  the selection
box for this target system is grayed out. Users cannot deselect it.
This applies only when the target system belongs to a target system group
where web password change r es trictions  are set to Any number of accounts
can be selected for a password change  or All accounts are selected for
password change . The Only one account can be selected for a password
change  group setting  overrides this target system setting..
Allow users to unlock accounts Select this checkbox if you want Bravura Pass to manage unlocking accounts on
this target system. If not selected, accounts on this target system cannot be
unlocked using Bravura Pass .
Users must have accounts Select this checkbox if Bravura Security Fabric  users must have an account on
this target system. This option  is specific  to the Attach  other accounts(PSL)
module.
Allow other users to attach
auto-associated accountsSelect this checkbox to allow a user to attach  a login ID from another user on an
auto-associated target system, using the Attach  other accounts(PSL) module.
Allow enabling accounts Currently not in use. The "enabling accounts" privilege is c on figur ed  using user
access rules  (on page 706) .
Allow users to detach manually -
attached  accountsBy default, allowing or disallowing users to detach manually -attached  accounts
from their pr ofile  is controlled by the PSL ALLOW DELETE  option.  The system
default is displayed as the “E ff ectiv e  setting ” .  You can override the default
behavior on individual target systems by selecting  Yes or No from the drop-
down list.Option Description
 Pr ofile/r eques t  attribut e
specifying container DNThe ID of a pr ofile  and request attribut e  to provide a place to prompt the user
for the destination  container when cr eating  or moving accounts on c on t e x t -
sensitiv e  target systems.
Display modules
Attach  other accounts Select this checkbox if you want users to be able to attach  accounts on this
target system. If not selected, the target system will not appear on the self-
service login ID r ec onciliation  page.
View and update pr ofile By default the target system in f ormation  is listed for user management.
Deselect to hide the target system on user management pages.
Change passwords Select this checkbox if you want users to be able to choose to change their
passwords on this target system. If not selected, the target system will not
appear on the self-service Change passwords  page. Note that you can still force
password changes on a target system via s ynchr oniz ation.
Unlock accounts Select this checkbox if you want a user to be able to unlock their account on
this target system. If not selected, the accounts on this target system will not
appear on the self-service Unlock accounts  page.
Help users > Attach  other
accountsSelect this checkbox if you want help-desk users to be able to attach  ID on this
target system to users’ pr ofiles.  If not selected, the target system will not
appear on the adminis tr ativ e  login ID r ec onciliation  page.
Help users > Change passwords Select this checkbox if you want help-desk users to be able to change users’
passwords on this target system. If not selected, the target system will not
appear on the assisted Password changes page.
Help users > Unlock accounts Select this checkbox if you want a help-desk user to be able to unlock accounts
on this target system. If not selected, accounts on this target system will not
appear on the Help users Unlock accounts  page
Composing target system addresses
If you need assistance composing the target system address:
1.Refer to the appropriate chapter in the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for in f ormation  about your 1.
target system, including its target type, address syntax, and any additional  c onsider ations.
2.If the documen t ation  indicates that a script or c on figur ation  file is required, ensure that the file exists 2.
and is located in the proper directory.3.Navigate to the  Target system in f ormation  page  (on page 489). 3.
4.Select the appropriate Type . 4.
5.Click the Change button  next to the Address field. 5.
6.Provide values for each field  as necessary. 6.
7.Mandatory fields  are marked with 
 . 7.
8.Click Continue  to return to the Target system in f ormation  page. 8.
If there were no errors, Bravura Security Fabric  populates the address field  with the properly
f ormatted  target system address.
9.Click Update to save the address changes. 9.
Target systems composed of multiple  servers
Some target systems are actually composed of multiple  servers. These include:
▪ Multiple  Activ e  Directory domain controllers that comprise a single domain ▪
▪An NIS master server and multiple  NIS secondary servers that make up an NIS domain ▪
▪ Oper ating  system, DBMS, and applic ation  target systems that function  as a single logical applic ation ▪
system
It is normally desirable, and frequently mandatory, to synchronize passwords between component
servers in such a composite environment. Implementing  password management and s ynchr oniz ation  on
composite systems raises two technical challenges:
If the system already synchronizes passwords between components, it may do it too slowly. In these
cases, Bravura Security Fabric  has to take measures to replace slow, nativ e  s ynchr oniz ation  with its own,
faster s ynchr oniz ation.  This is true of global, nativ e-mode  Activ e  Directory networks.
If a system does not already synchronize passwords, then Bravura Pass  should enforce s ynchr oniz ation
for it. This is true of some custom and v ertic al-mark e t  applic ations.
Bravura Pass  supports these systems using the concept of a sub-host. A sub-host is one of multiple  target
systems on which Bravura Pass  can manage passwords that together form a single larger target system;
for example, while an Activ e  Directory domain is a single target system, each individual domain controller
is considered a sub-host. Since nativ e  Activ e  Directory password changes may take hours to propagate to
all domain controllers in a global or g aniz ation,  the sub-host mechanism can be used to ensure that the
new password is made available to the end-user immediately.
You can implement sub-host password management by writing  a sub-host plugin – a small program
which Bravura Pass  runs when it needs to manage passwords on a composite target system.
Bravura Pass  includes support for sub-hosts on the following target systems:
Activ e  Directory
To accelerate password changes on global Activ e  Directory domains, Bravura Pass  uses the dcselect
and w2kranddc plugins.
When users change their passwords in a domain▪The w2kranddc sub-host plugin randomly selects sub-hosts on which to make the change. Use this ▪
plugin when you have a large number of domain controllers and want to limit the number of servers
on which passwords can be changed.
▪The dcselect sub-host plugin selects a domain controller based on its proximity to the user. It uses ▪
site in f ormation  with IP addresses (the user’s web browser, home directory/server) to identif y  domain
controllers where the user’s password should be changed immediately. This eliminates the latency of
password pr opag ation  for the user.
This plugin works on the domain format target address only; <UNPNAME> or <DOMAINNAME>
\<USERNAME>  
See more in f ormation  about w2kranddc  and dcselect
The w2kranddc  and dcselect sub-host plugins are run by the Help users  (IDA) module, Change
passwords  (PSS) module, and Password Manager service ( idpm ), when c on figur ed  by the Program to run
to generate a list of target systems  plugin point.
The w2kranddc  and dcselect sub-host plugins use "cached" site in f ormation  stored in the following
files:
▪dclist.txt  – you generate this file aut omatic ally  by running the dcdiscovery  program ▪
▪dc.man  – (Optional)  you create this file manually to add site in f ormation  not included by ▪
dcdiscovery in the dclist.txt  file
In order for w2kranddc  or dcselect  to use these files,  they must be located in the \<instance>\script
\ directory.
See more in f ormation  about dclist.txt
The dcdiscovery  program aut omatic ally  generates the dclist.txt  file; however, in some cases,
you may need to manually create this file. For example, dcdiscovery  will not work if your Activ e
Directory does not have complete site in f ormation.
Write the dclist.txt  file in the following format:
DOMAIN "<domain name>"
SITENAME "<site name>" "<site description>"
DC "<domain controller name>" "<IP address>" "<optional description>"
SITELINK "<sitelink.com>"
SUBNET "<IP address range>" "<site name>"
Where each site can have zero or more domain controllers (DC), zero or more links (SITELINK), and one or
more subnets (SUBNET). For example, write the dclist.txt  file as:
   DOMAIN "eg.com"
   SITENAME "RABU.eg.com" "Sydney Office - Sydney, Australia"
   DC arbundc0.eg.com "172.25.130.252" ""
   SITELINK "RABL.eg.com"
   SITELINK "RAPL.eg.com"   SITELINK "RASA.eg.com"
   SITELINK "YUMT.eg.com"
   SITELINK "SUTC.eg.com"
   SUBNET "172.23.204.0/23" "HTSI.eg.com"
   SUBNET "165.28.173.0/24" "SUNP.eg.com"
.
See more in f ormation  about dc.man
The dc.man  file allows users to specify additional  domain site and domain controller in f ormation  that
the aut omatic  discovery process does not or is not able to gather. It also allows users to exclude certain
sites or controllers from Bravura Security Fabric  oper ations  if there is a need to do so.
Write the dc.man  file in the following format:
   DOMAIN "<domain name>"
   SITE "<site name>" "<domain controller name>"
   excludeDC "<domain controller name>"
   excludeSite "<site name>"
The excludeDC  and excludeSite  lines are optional.  If specified,  programs like dsdisc  will ignore
the de fined  domain controllers and sites. A site can be excluded, for example, to prevent dcselect
from aut omatic ally  choosing the site based on a user’s pr ofile  or IP address in f ormation.  Domain
controllers that are members of an excluded site are not aut omatic ally  hidden. You must use excludeDC
to exclude them.
The site name de fined  by SITE can include the wildcards ? for any single character and * for any number
of characters. Domain controllers that are to be used as default targets can be specified  using the * site.
Wild cards can not be used in excludeSite  de finitions.
For example, write the dc.man  file as:
   DOMAIN "eg.com"
   SITE "RAPL.eg.com" "arbundc0.eg.com"
   SITE "RASA.eg.com" "arbundc0.eg.com"
   SITE "RASL.eg.com" "arbundc0.eg.com"
   SITE "TAHA.eg.com" "uktcndc0.eg.com" "uktcndc1.eg.com" "uktcndc2.eg.com"
   SITE "TAVI.eg.com" "uktcndc0.eg.com" "uktcndc1.eg.com" "uktcndc2.eg.com"
   excludeDC "arbundc1.eg.com"
   excludeDC "arbundc2.eg.com"
   excludeSite "TASA.eg.com"
.
See requirements and usage in f ormation  for dcdiscovery
RequirementsThe adminis tr ativ e  account for the Activ e  Directory domain must be able to enumerate domain
controllers in the domain.
Usage
Bravura Security Fabric  uses the cr edentials  c on figur ed  for the target ID to retrieve in f ormation  about
sites and domain controllers:
dcdiscovery.exe -t <target ID> -f <filename>
If the cr edentials  c on figur ed  for the target ID are insufficien t  to retrieve in f ormation  about sites and
domain controllers, then a diff er en t  user ID and password can be specified:
dcdiscovery.exe -s <domain> -u <user> -p <password> -f <filename>
Argument Description
-f <filename> The name of the output file generated by the program.
By c on v ention,  this file is called dclist.txt.
-s <domain> The domain name of the Activ e  Directory domain to
search.
-t <targetID> The target ID of the Activ e  Directory domain to search.
If this argument is used, then the -s, -u and -p options  are
not required.
-u <user> The user ID of an adminis tr ativ e  account in the Activ e
Directory domain.
-p <password> The password of the user specified  by the -u option.
Examples
1.To search a domain, by using arguments "-s", "-u" and "-p", type on one line:1.
  dcdiscovery.exe -s domain1 -u administrator1 -p adminpw -
f dclist.txt
2.To search an Activ e  Directory target system de fined  in Bravura Security Fabric , type on one line: 2.
  dcdiscovery.exe -t W2KDOM -f dclist.txt
.
.
GroupWise
To manage multiple  secondary domains, allowing Bravura Pass  to target a single primary domain Bravura
Pass  uses the discgrpw plugin.
See more in f ormation  about discgrpw
Although Bravura Security Fabric  can manage passwords on multiple  GroupWise Domains by t ar g eting
each mail domain, this can become difficult  to manage if there are a large number of domains.Alt ernativ ely ,  Bravura Security Fabric  can target a single primary domain, and use the discgrpw  sub-
host plugin to manage multiple  secondary domains.
During auto discovery, the connector program creates a <targetID>.map  file in the format:
"user dn 1" "<tree>:\\domain path"
"user dn 2" "<tree>:\\domain path"
...
The discgrpw  sub-host plugin searches this file for the given GroupWise account, then returns the
second part of the line to the GroupWise connector as the account’s server address.
The discgrpw  sub-host plugin is run by the Help users  (IDA) module, Change passwords  (PSS) module,
and Password Manager service ( idpm )when c on figur ed  by the Program to run to generate a list of
target systems  plugin point.
.
Unix
To replicate password changes from the main Unix target serving the Bravura Pass  server to a local client
machine accessed by a user, Bravura Pass  uses the unixsub plugin .
See more in f ormation  about unixsub
Use the unixsub  sub-host plugin to replicate password changes from the main Unix target serving the
Bravura Security Fabric  server to a local client machine accessed by a user.
The plugin can be c on figur ed  to return a list of sub-hosts from a remote IP address, or use a file mapping
user IDs to IP addresses. This is controlled by the following registry settings  in the
HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\<instance>\unixsub
key on the Bravura Security Fabric  server:
▪Entry name  remote_ip ▪
▪Value  0 or 1, where 1 means this method will be used. This method can only be used for password ▪
changes in the Change passwords  (PSS) module. It cannot be used for password changes in the Help
users  (IDA) module.
▪Data type  REG_DWORD ▪
▪Entry name  file_map ▪
▪Value  The full path and file name of the file map. The file format is: ▪
    joeuser 10.10.10.10
    janeuser 10.10.10.11
▪Data type  REG_SZ ▪
If neither registry setting  is used, the plugin defaults to the remote IP method. If both are set, the plugin
will try the remote IP method fir s t.The unixsub  sub-host plugin is run by the Help users  (IDA) module, Change passwords  (PSS) module, and
Password Manager service ( idpm )when c on figur ed  by the Program to run to generate a list of target
systems  plugin point.
To use the plugin, set up two Unix type targets (one for the master target and one t ar g eting  local
w ork s t ations)  with an identic al  target address. On the c on figur ation  page for the local target, type
unixsub.exe  in the Program to run to generate list of target systems  field.  Both targets retrieve the
list of users from the master target. The local target also calls the plugin.
.
Configur ation
To c on figur e  Bravura Pass  to use a sub-host plugin, add the program name to the Program to generate a
list of target systems  option  on the Target inf ormation  page.
See more in f ormation  on how to write a custom sub-host plugin
You can use a sub-host plugin to convert in f ormation  about a single target system into in f ormation  about
multiple,  subsidiary target systems.
Using an external program to provide sub-host expansion means that you can de fine  your own target-list
expansion rules to suit your requirements. This expanded list of target systems may be:
▪Fixed For example, when changing a password on system F, Bravura Pass  must change passwords on ▪
systems F-1, F-2, and F-3.
▪User-selectable  For example the end user or help desk user desk user may choose to set passwords ▪
on any of O-1, O-2, and O-3.
Input
Input to the plugin includes:
▪trigger_host  The ID of the target system on which the user’s password is being changed. ▪
▪trigger_user  The pr ofile  ID of the user whose password is being changed. ▪
▪trigger_alias  The name of the account, on the trigger target system, that is owned by this user. ▪
▪trigger_ip  The IP address of the user that requested this password change. This field  is only set for ▪
self-service requests. For help desk password changes this field  is set to "unknown".
▪cgi_program  The name of the CGI program that is calling the plugin. ▪
▪host  A block of key-value pairs that de fines  a target system. More than one host block may appear, ▪
with each one corresponding to a target system in the current password change request. Consists of
the following:
▪host_id  The target system ID ▪
▪host_name  The target system description ▪
▪host_type  The type of target system ▪
▪host_address  The target address ▪
▪host_adminid  The target administrator password ▪▪host_adminpass  The user’s account on the target system ▪
The following is an example of the input received by the plugin:
"" "" = {
  "trigger_host" = "AD"
  "trigger_user" = "johnd"
  "trigger_alias" = "johnd"
  "trigger_ip" = "192.168.9.10"
  "cgi_program" = "pss"
  "host" "" = {
    "host_id" = "AD"
    "host_name" = "AD1 Domain"
    "host_type" = "WIN2K"
    "host_address" = "ad1.local"
    "host_adminid" = "Administrator"
    "host_adminpass" = "letmein!"
  }
  "error" = ""
}
Output
Output from the plugin includes:
▪out_host  A block of key-value pairs similar to the host block used as input. At least one out_host block ▪
must appear in the output. The block consists of the following key-value pairs:
▪out_id  An identifier  for this server. ▪
▪out_name  The full name for this server. ▪
▪out_type  (Optional)  The type of this server. Use this key-value pair if the sub-host server type is ▪
diff er en t  to the target system type.
▪out_address  The address for this server. This address must use an address syntax appropriate for ▪
the type of the trigger system.
▪out_adminid (Optional)  The administrator login ID for this server. Use this key-value pair if the ID is ▪
diff er en t  to the one entered in the input file.
▪out_adminpass  (Optional)  The administrator password for this server. Use this key-value pair if the ▪
password is diff er en t  to the one entered in the input file.
▪out_select  If "true", this server is selected by default on help desk selection  screens. If "false", this ▪
server is deselected by default.
The following is an example of the output produced by the plugin:
"" "" = {
   "out_host" "" = {
   "out_id" = "AD"   "out_name" = "First site"
   "out_type" = "WIN2K"
   "out_address" = "\\dcone.example.local"
   "out_adminid" = "psadmin"
   "out_adminpass" = "letmein!"
   "out_select" = "true"
   }
   "out_host" "" = {
   "out_id" = "AD"
   "out_name" = "Second site"
   "out_type" = "WIN2K"
   "out_address" = "\\dctwo.example.local"
   "out_adminid" = "psadmin"
   "out_adminpass" = "letmein!"
   "out_select" = "false"
   }
.
Listing  accounts and other objects from target systems
Most of the Bravura Security Fabric  connectors support auto discovery. They are able to connect to target
systems and collect an inventory of login IDs. If supported, connectors can also collect other in f ormation
such as account attribut es,  groups, server or w ork s t ation  computers on a domain, hardware token lists
and extended target system in f ormation.  The c ollecting  of in f ormation  (user listing)  is normally
performed during auto discovery . The process is initia t ed  and controlled by the psupdate  program.
List timeout
Connectors should be given a finit e  amount of time  to run during listing ,  before Bravura Security Fabric
stops them. The default setting  for the List timeout  field  is -1 (in finit e),  because the product can’t tell
how long each target can take to list. A correctly c on figur ed  target system should not use in finit e
timeouts.
Problem with infinit e  timeout  
Target systems can go down for updates or maintenance or the c onnection  to them may drop
unexpectedly while the connector is listing.  If the timeout  is -1 on a target system that runs into those
situations,  the psupdate program will never finish  and the rogue agent process that holds it up may
have to be killed.
Do not kill psupdate . This can cause problems with aut omation  or lead to data loss in Bravura Security
Fabric.