User types and access rules
This chapter de fines  the types of Bravura Security Fabric  users, and shows you how to control users’
permissions and c apabilities.
Overview of user types
Access controls assigned to users’ pr ofiles  (on page 539) determine the features and functions  that they
can access in Bravura Security Fabric ; for example, only certain users can access the Manage the system
(PSA) module. Depending on their c apabilities,  users are categorized as one or more of the user types
listed in the table below.
Symbols in this document indicate that the marked content applies to specific  product licenses:
 Bravura Privilege  | 
  Bravura Identity  | 
  Bravura Pass
Regular user A user who has an account on a target system, and can log into Bravura
Security Fabric .
Generally, you create regular users by cr eating  a source of pr ofiles  in Bravura
Security Fabric  (on page 539).
Requester A user who can request access changes.
In general, all regular users can be requesters; however, a user’s ability to
submit requests may be limited by his access rules, policy rules, authoriz ation
w orkflo w  logic, or Bravura Security Fabric  c on figur ation.
Help desk user A regular user who can log into Bravura Security Fabric  and act on the behalf
of other users. Help desk users are participan ts  in a user class that has been
granted user access rules, such as the HELP_DESK_MANAGER or the
GLOBAL_HELP_DESK user classes.
 
Authorizer A user who can review and act on security change requests. Any regular user
can be assigned as an authorizer.
 
W orkflo w
managerAn authorizer who can approve, modify, deny, or cancel any authoriz ation
request.
You can grant this capability by assigning a user the ”Manage w orkflo w
requests” user access rule. This capability can also be delegated.
 
Deleg ation
managerA user who can delegate the r esponsibilities  of a user to another user.
You can grant this capability by assigning a user the ”Delegate w orkflo w
requests” user access rule. This capability can also be delegated.Implementer A “human agent” that manually fulfills  requests. An implementer can accept
or decline tasks, and mark them as completed or cannot be completed.
For example, instead of running a connector program, Bravura Security Fabric
can notif y  an implementer that an access change request has been approved.
The implementer then uses the Requests app to accept the task, completes
the change using tools available on the target system, then uses the Requests
app to mark the task as completed.
You can grant this capability by adding any user as an implementer for
resource oper ations  on a per-resource basis. If a user is also an inventory
manager, then they can also assign inventory items. This capability can be
delegated.
Inventory
managerA user who can manage inventory items by loc ation  and type.
You can grant this capability by adding a user to the list of inventory
managers ( Manage the system > Inventory > Inventory managers ), and
designating  the user as an inventory manager for a specific  inventory loc ation
and type. If a user is also an implementer, then they can also assign inventory
items. This capability can be delegated.
Trustee A user who can modify team settings,  group memberships and privileges.
They can also onboard and offboar d  systems and accounts to their teams.
 
Reviewer A user with the responsibility for certif ying  users’ access rights.
You can grant this capability by selecting  the user as a reviewer for a
certific ation  campaign.
Product
administratorA user who has been granted adminis tr ativ e  privileges. These privileges
control access to the adminis tr ativ e  web modules and the Bravura Security
Fabric  API. Product administrators may or may not have an account on a
target system.
There are several types of product administrators. These are described in
Product administrator types  (on page 672).
Product administrators
The tasks that product administrator s can perform depend on their adminis tr ativ e  privileges.
These privileges control access to the adminis tr ativ e  web modules and the Bravura Security Fabric  API.
Product administrators may or may not have an account on a target system.
Topics in this section  show you how to add product administrator s using the:
▪Web interface  (on page 674) using the Manage the system > Security  menu. ▪
▪Command-line  (on page 690) using the adm_set  program ▪
This section  also describes the meaning of each product administrator privilege  (on page 699).
Product administrator types
Product administrators are categorized into the following subtypes:Console-only user These product administrators:
▪Do not have any accounts on target systems.▪
▪Have access to the Manage the system (PSA) module and/or the reports menu.▪
▪Have adminis tr ativ e  privileges that determine which parts of the PSA they can ▪
access. If they are granted All adminis tr ativ e  privileges , then they become
superusers.
▪Do not have access to self-service or help desk modules.▪
Superuser These product administrators:
▪Are product administrators with All adminis tr ativ e  privileges enabled. ▪
▪Have full access to all Bravura Security Fabric  adminis tr ativ e  functions. ▪
Note: The user that you created during ins t allation  (named superuser by default) is
a superuser.
Superuser  does not have adminis tr ativ e  privileges to call an API. This privilege is
specific ally  assigned to the IDAPI caller product administrator.
Console user with help
desk/self-service accessThese product administrators:
▪Have at least one account on a target system.▪
▪Can access the self-service and help desk modules, as determined by the user▪
access rules for their user class.
▪Can access the adminis tr ativ e  consoles, as determined by their adminis tr ativ e ▪
privileges. Privileges are granted if:
▪They are an administrator ( Manage the system  > Security > Access to product ▪
features  > Individual administrators ).
▪They are part of an administrator group ( Manage the system  > Security > Access to ▪
product features  > Administrator groups ).
▪Do not have All adminis tr ativ e  privileges . ▪
CAUTION: If they are granted All adminis tr ativ e  privileges , then they become
superusers, and they lose access to the self-service modules as well as the Help
users(IDA) module.
Report reader/creator These product administrators:
▪Can access the Manage reports (RPT) module to read reports.▪
▪May be able to create and schedule reports.▪
▪May also be self-service users.▪IDAPI caller A product administrator who has adminis tr ativ e  privileges ( IDAPI caller , OTP IDAPI
caller , and Guacamole IDAPI caller ) to connect to the Bravura Security Fabric  API. This
product administrator cannot have any other adminis tr ativ e  privileges.
Bravura Security Fabric  includes these built-in users:
▪_API_USER – An IDAPI caller that is shipped with Bravura Security Fabric . To run an ▪
API call requiring extra privileges, add _API_USER  to a user class.  For example, add
_API_USER to the _REPORT_READERS user class to run the run report API.
This IDAPI caller must be assigned a password before it can be used for remote
c onnections.  By default however, shared memory c onnections  to the API do not
require a password for _API_USER. If this is the case and _API_USER is not required
to use a password, it is recommended that a separate administrator be created with
this privilege specific ally  for remote c onnections  and added to the
_EXPLICIT_API_USERS_ user class.
For request w orkflo w  including automated adminis tr ation,  it is recommended that
you not use the default _API_USER, and instead create dedicated administrators
with appropriate privileges.
▪_API_USER_TPM – An IDAPI caller that is used to provide API access for Phone ▪
Password Manager. This IDAPI caller is disabled by default and must be assigned a
password and enabled before it can be used.
▪_API_USER_GUACAMOLE – An IDAPI caller that is used to provide API access for ▪
Guacamole. This IDAPI caller must be assigned a password before it can be used.
Anonymous user Bravura Security Fabric  includes the built-in _IDMSUITE_USER_ANONYMOUS user that
is used to provide anonymous API access for any Ajax plugin endpoint de fined  in the
hid_ajax_routing  table. This user is disabled by default.
When this caller is enabled, any Ajax plugin endpoint de fined  in the
hid_ajax_routing  table with Authentic a t ed  = false will aut omatic ally  log in as
_IDMSUITE_USER_ANONYMOUS and does not require a session to call.
The CIDR for the anonymous user should be respected (via X-Forwarded-For if the
TRUSTED_REVERSE_PROXY variable is enabled and not if disabled).
De fining  product administrators from the web interface
Individual product administrator privileges can be assigned by na vig ating  to Manage the system  > Security
> Access to product features > Individual administrators .
Product administrators can be assigned privileges based on an administrator user group. These are
accessed by na vig ating  to Manage the system > Security > Access to product features > Administrator
groups . By using administrator user groups, you assign privileges based on their user class membership.
You cannot grant any adminis tr ativ e  privileges that you do not have.
Individual administrators
To de fine  a product administrator  :1.Click Manage the system  > Security > Access to product features  > Individual administrators . 1.
2.Click Add new... . 2.
3.In the ID field,  do one of the following: 3.
▪Search for, or type the pr ofile  ID of an e xisting  user. ▪
This allows you to grant adminis tr ativ e  privileges to a user who may also have access to self-service
and help desk menus (depending on user access rules).
▪Type a new pr ofile  ID to create a new Bravura Security Fabric  user who only performs ▪
adminis tr ativ e  tasks (console-only access).
Users created this way are not mapped to accounts on target systems, and cannot access the self-
service or help desk menus.
4. Optional:  type the user’s full name in the Name field. 4.
If the user is an e xisting  user whose full name is stored in Bravura Security Fabric , you do not need to
type a full name. The Name value is populated aut omatic ally  after  you submit the form.
5.Type the product administrator ’s password in the Password and Con firm  password fields  if you want the 5.
user to authentic a t e  using a password stored in Bravura Security Fabric .
This is only required if the user is not an account-holder; that is, if you are cr eating  a console-only
user.
6.Enable the Password never expires checkbox if you do not want the product administrator s password to 6.
expire.
This option  applies only to product administrator s whose passwords are stored in the Bravura Security
Fabric  database. It overrides the ADMIN PASSWORD EXPIRE setting ,  which you can set by clicking
Manage the system > Policies > Options .
7.Assign Allowed privileges  by choosing: 7.
▪All privileges to give the user the same access rights as the superuser you created during setup. ▪
▪Selected privileges ▪
The following table describes all available adminis tr ativ e  privileges. It also includes the internal
keyword – used in c on figur ation  files,  plugin input/output, and by the adm_set program – for
each privilege.
Adminis tr ativ e  privileges
Right Keyword Description
General system c onfigur ation
Manage
resourcesresource The product administrator can manage target systems, auto-discovered objects,
and other resources.
Manage
policiespolicy The product administrator can manage user classes, segr eg ation  of duties  (SoD),
authentic ation  and identific ation  policies, authentic ation  chains, question  sets,
import rules, login options.Right Keyword Description
Manage
notific ationsmngnotif s The product administrator can manage notific ations  and notific ation-r ela t ed
scheduled jobs.
Con figur e
w orkflo w
setupw orkflo w The product administrator can c on figur e  w orkflo w .
Con figur e
modulesmodule The product administrator can modify web modules c on figur ation.
Maintain
serversmaintain The product administrator can manage services, schedule jobs, and c on figur e
auto discovery.
Manage
reportsrunreport The product administrator can run or schedule reports from the Manage reports
app.
Analytics analytics The product administrator can run, save or read reports from the Analytics  app.
Recompute
Analytics
cacher ec analyticsc asch The product administrator can update the cached data on dashboards from the
Analytics  app.
Con figur e
Login Managermanagesso The product administrator can c on figur e  Login Manager
Manage
external data
storeextdb The product administrator can Manage external data store.
DashboardsRight Keyword Description
View
certific ation
dashboardviewcertdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the certific ation
dashboard.
View
privileged
access
dashboardviewpswdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the privileged
access dashboard.
View w orkflo w
dashboardviewworkdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the w orkflo w
dashboard.
View
enrollment
dashboardviewpsadash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the enrollment
dashboard.
View OrgChart
dashboardvieworgdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the OrgChart
dashboard.
View helpdesk
dashboardviewhelpdeskdash The product administrator can use the View dashboards to view the help desk
dashboard.
Recompute
dashboard
cacherecdashcache The product administrator can use the View dashboards to update the cached
data on dashboards.
Security adminis tr ation
Manage
securitysecurity The product administrator can manage User access rules and Options  in the
Manage the system Security menu.
Manage
product
administratorconsole The product administrator can create and manage other product administrators.
A product administrator may only manage or create new product administrators
with equal or lesser rights assigned to them. A product administrator cannot
manage his or her own rights.Right Keyword Description
Manage user
groupsmngacl The product administrator can manage user access controls in the Manage the
system module.
Privileged access management
Create
managed
system policiescreategroup The product administrator can create managed system policies in the Manage
the system. As owner of the managed system policy, the product administrator
has access to the policy but not the passwords managed by the policy - that
permission must be specific ally  assigned via user group access controls.
Manage
orphan
managed
systemsmngorphanres The product administrator can manage orphaned systems (not a member of a
managed system policy) in the Manage the system.
Create
managed
systemscreateres The product administrator can add a user-managed system in the Manage the
system.
Manage
managed
system policiesgroupmgmt The product administrator can be granted access to modify or remove e xisting
managed system policies in the Manage the system. Access to managed system
policies must also be granted in the Manage the system > Security > Privileged
access to systems  menu. The product administrator cannot update user groups
of which they are a member. This right does not give the product administrator
access to orphan managed systems, nor access groups of which they are an
e xisting  member.
Recover last
managed
passwordrecoverpwd The product administrator can recover the last stored managed password for a
managed account, regardless of the state of the target (whether it is managed,
unmanaged or remanaged) using the RecoverKeyByAccount function  call and
OTP caller and LogonEx to connect to the API service.
Access certific ation
Manage
certific ation
processcertif y The product administrator can manage the access certific ation  process, by which
one or more reviewers c on firm  or remove access privileges of users, and remove
stale users.
Initia t e
entitlemen t
certific ation
campaignssingleuser certif y The product administrator can initia t e  a access certific ation  process, by which a
single reviewer can c on firm  or remove access privileges of users, and remove
stale users.Right Keyword Description
OrgChart management
Start Org
building
roundscreateorg The product administrator can use the Manage the OrgChart to initia t e  OrgChart
building rounds.
Manage the
OrgChartupdateorg The product administrator can use the Manage the OrgChart to manually change
the OrgChart structure.
Remote API
IDAPI caller apicaller The product administrator can access the API Service (idapi) Login function  from
the IP addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the IDAP caller right to an administrator group with other
rights.
OTP IDAPI
callerotpcaller The product administrator can access the API Service LoginEx function  from the
IP addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.  The LoginEx
function  gains access to the KMKeyGetByAccount function,  which is used to
retrieve passwords that Bravura Privilege  manages.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the OTP IDAP caller right to an administrator group with other
rights.
Guacamole
IDAPI callerguacamolecaller The product administrator can access the API Service Login function  from the IP
addresses specified  in the IP address with CIDR bitmask field.  The Login function
gains access to the CheckoutParamsGet and CheckoutStatusGet functions,  which
is used for a Guacamole gateway to periodically check whether a managed
account checkout is still valid during an activ e  Guacamole access disclosure
session.
This right can only be combined with other rights by adding an individual
administrator with the Guacamole IDAPI caller right to an administrator group
with other rights.
R eplic ation
Con figur e
r eplic ationr eplic ation The product administrator can c on figur e  database r eplic ation  (Manage the
system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation )Right Keyword Description
View in f ormation
View
in f ormation:T ar g e t
systemsviewhost The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about target systems
via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Manag ed
groupsviewmgrp The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about managed
groups via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:R olesviewrole The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about roles via
embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Segr eg ation
of duties  rulesviewsod The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about segr eg ation  of
duties  rules via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:User
classesviewuc The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about user classes via
embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Acc oun tsviewacct The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about accounts via
embedded links.
View
in f ormation:Pr e-
de fined
requestsviewpdr The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about pr e-de fined
requests via embedded links.
View
in f ormation:T empla t e
accountsviewtpl The product administrator can view additional  in f ormation  about template
accounts via embedded links.