Authentic ation  chains: Con figur ation
Authentic ation  chains off er  a fle xible  authentic ation  infrastructure, allowing you to customize the end-
user authentic ation  experience. An authentic ation  chain contains authentic ation  methods off er ed  by
available authentic ation  modules . Authentic ation  modules can provide a variety of authentic ation
methods, such as password v erific ation,  internal/external security questions,  or the ability to select
specific  chains. Using multiple  modules can form a stronger authentic ation  process and can off er
alt ernativ es  to users having difficulty  authentic ating.
Authentic ation  chains can:
▪Be specialized for certain user groups▪
▪Combine multiple  authentic ation  methods for a stronger authentic ation  process ▪
▪Extend e xisting  authentic ation  measures with the use of plugins ▪
The process of authentic ating  users can vary dr amatic ally  for each implemen t ation.  Authentic ation  chains
make it easy to adapt Bravura Security Fabric ’s authentic ation  process to match your or g aniz ation’ s
business logic, and aid in secure, transparent and e fficien t  in t egr ation  of Bravura Security Fabric .
You can c on figur e  authentic ation  chains to react diff er en tly  to failures during authentic ation.  The
c on figur ation  dictates whether all modules are required for a successful and strong authentic ation,  or if
additional  modules only serve as alt ernativ e  means of authentic ation.  For example, a user entering his
password incorrectly could cause the entir e  chain to fail, or the user could be given a chance to use some
other method instead.
Bravura Security Fabric  comes with fiv e built-in authentic ation  chains:
Front-end login The DEFAULT_LOGIN authentic ation  chain can be c on figur ed  for use with
the Front-end, to determine how users must authentic a t e.  By default,
this authentic ation  chain presents authentic ation  methods c on figur ed  in
the Modules >Front-end (PSF) menu.
Help desk authentic ation The HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain can be c on figur ed  for use
with the Help users (IDA) module, to c on figur e  how help desk users must
authentic a t e  on behalf of other users before accessing the user’s pr ofile.
Generic login failure The GENERIC_LOGIN_FAILURE authentic ation  chain will simulate a fake
user login to fool pot ential  intruders. This authentic ation  chain is
activ a t ed  when the GENERIC LOGIN FAILURE system variable is enabled.
User identific ation  service The USER_IDENTIFICATION authentic ation  chain can be c on figur ed  for
use with the Front-end, to c on figur e  how users are identified.
Standard two-phase login flo w The STANDARD_TWO-PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW authentic ation  chain
handles the internal logic of when other authentic ation  chains are
called, and can be c on figur ed  to enable use cases where certain chains
are not required.
It is recommended that you do not add individual authentic ation  modules to the DEFAULT_LOGIN or
HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chains, but instead addyour own custom authentic ation  chains that can
be used with a chain selector module.This helps prevent misc onfiguring  the default chains, and also helps troubleshoot any pot ential
c onfiguration  issues that might occur.
If you misc onfigure  the DEFAULT_LOGIN or HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chains, users may not be
able to login.
If your environment absolutely requires modifying the default chains, then it is highly recommended that
you thoroughly test the c onfiguration  before implemen t ation,  or do so under the supervision of Bravura
Security support s t aff .
Getting  started
Requirements
▪You require the Manage policies adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Authentic ation  chains ▪
menu item.
Na vig ation  steps
The Authentic ation  chains page gives you access to the c on figur ation  pages for the built-in chains, and to
the Custom authentic ation  chains page, where you can add, enable, disable, and delete your own chains.
To navigate to the Authentic ation  chains page:
1.Click Policies > Authentic ation  chains . 1.
2.Click the appropriate link or Custom  to modify an e xisting  authentic ation  chain  (on page 842). 2.
or
Click Custom to add a custom authentic ation  chain  (on page 844).
Modifying an e xisting  authentic ation  chain
In order to modify an authentic ation  chain, you must fir s t disable it. On the chain's c on figur ation  page
(on page 842) click Disable .
Once a chain is disabled, you can:
▪Add authentic ation  modules to a chain  (on page 845) ▪
▪ Con figur e  authentic ation  modules  (on page 847) ▪
▪ Setting  authentic ation  module order  (on page 860) ▪
Once you have modified  it click Enable to make it available for use.
The rest of this section  provides notes on modifying built-in chains.
Disabling built-in chains does not stop users from logging into Bravura Security Fabric. It only restores
default identific ation  and authentic ation  settings  (on page 820), including Front-end  settings.
If there are any errors in the authentic ation  chain that prevent regular users from logging in to the Front-
end, product administrator  s can still login using their Bravura Security Fabric password. The Bravura
Security Fabric password is either a t arge t -specific  password or a custom value, depending on how the
product administrator  was set up. The fail-safe login method is invoked for these cases so that productadministrator  s can still access Bravura Security Fabric to fix or rec onfigure  the authentic ation  chains to
allow access for regular users.
Modifying general options
Once a chain is disabled, you can modify the following general options:
▪Abort login immediately if a module in this chain fails to cause the login process to abort when any ▪
authentic ation  module fails.
▪Allow caching of this chain’s module results to control whether the chain’s results are cached after ▪
c ompletion.  This is enabled for most chains by default.
Modifying Front-end Login – DEFAULT_LOGIN
Modifying the select_chain module settings  of the DEFAULT_LOGIN authentic ation  chain changes the
authentic ation  methods available to the Front-end . By default, it is set to use the PSFEXT VALUES and PSF
EXT settings  (on page 829) implicitly, and can be overridden explicitly when required.
It is recommended that you do not add individual authentic ation  modules to the DEFAULT_LOGIN or
HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chains, but instead addyour own custom authentic ation  chains that can
be used with a chain selector module.
This helps prevent misc onfiguring  the default chains, and also helps troubleshoot any pot ential
c onfiguration  issues that might occur.
If you misc onfigure  the DEFAULT_LOGIN or HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chains, users may not be
able to login.
If your environment absolutely requires modifying the default chains, then it is highly recommended that
you thoroughly test the c onfiguration  before implemen t ation,  or do so under the supervision of Bravura
Security support s t aff .
Modifying Help desk authentic ation  – HELPDESK_LOGIN
Modifying the select_chain module settings  of the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain changes the
authentic ation  methods available to the Help users  (IDA) module for help-desk users to authentic a t e  on
behalf of other users (callers) before accessing their pr ofiles.
By default, it is set to use the score based challenge and response ( scoreqna.pss ) module and is
c on figur ed  to prompt for two questions  from the user’s pr e-de fined  question  set.
Modifying Generic login failure – GENERIC_LOGIN_FAILURE
The GENERIC_LOGIN_FAILURE authentic ation  chain simulates a fake user login to fool pot ential  intruders.
This authentic ation  chain is activ a t ed  when the GENERIC LOGIN FAILURE system variable is enabled.
Normally, when an invalid user or account ID is entered in the login screen Bravura Security Fabric
displays a message informing the user that the account could not be found. If you enable the GENERIC
LOGIN FAILURE option  (Manage the system > Policies > Options ), users are allowed to proceed to the
Verify password screen and enter a password, despite having entered an invalid ID. Bravura SecurityFabric  simulates an attemp t  to verify the password, w aiting  10 seconds before returning with the
message:
Please verify that you entered your password correctly, otherwise contact your administrator.
This feature is scheduled to be removed in a future release.
Modifying User identific ation  service – USER_IDENTIFICATION
Modifying the USER_IDENTIFICATION authentic ation  chain changes the identific ation  methods available
in Front-end . By default, it includes the fedidp_ident module, which can capture SAML requests sent by a
service provider for federated login or Web single sign-on, and the user_ident module, which captures
the standard Bravura Security Fabric  login ID.
Modifying the Standard two-phase login flo w  chain – STANDARD_TWO-PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW
Modifying the STANDARD_TWO-PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW authentic ation  chain changes the logic through
which all other default authentic ation  chains are called. By default, the USER_IDENTIFICATION and
DEFAULT_LOGIN chains are always called alongside each other, and the STANDARD_TWO-
PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW chain and its modules can be modified  or re-ordered to enable authentic ation
methods that only require a portion  of this default chain.
The ident_ctrl module of the STANDARD_TWO-PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW authentic ation  chain is called to
check whether the user has been successfully identified.  If they were successfully identified,  this module
does nothing; if they were not, this module directs them to the chain specified  in the parameter, or fails if
the parameter is not set.
The glf_control module of the STANDARD_TWO-PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW authentic ation  chain checks
whether the system has generic login failure enabled, and directs users that fail USER_IDENTIFICATION to
the GENERIC_LOGIN_FAILURE authentic ation  chain.
The cgijump module of the STANDARD_TWO-PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW authentic ation  chain checks whether
the user is allowed to access the page they’re attempting  to access, and the check_jump_dst parameter
de fines  whether the results of this check are stored in the user’s session data.
The select_chain module of the STANDARD_TWO-PHASE_LOGIN_FLOW authentic ation  chain initia t es  the
DEFAULT_LOGIN chain by default, dir ecting  users to that chain to complete authentic ation.
Adding a custom authentic ation  chain
To add a custom authentic ation  chain:
1.Navigate to the authentic ation  chain c on figur ation 1.
The Authentic ation  chains page gives you access to the c on figur ation  pages for the built-in chains, and
to the Custom authentic ation  chains page, where you can add, enable, disable, and delete your own
chains.
To navigate to the Authentic ation  chains page:
1.Click Policies > Authentic ation  chains . 1.2.Click the appropriate link or Custom  to modify an e xisting  authentic ation  chain  (on page 842). 2.
or
Click Custom to add a custom authentic ation  chain  (on page 844).
page
2.Click Add new… 2.
3.Set the ID, using only alphanumeric and underscore characters, and the Description  to display to 3.
users.
4. Optionally ,  select: 4.
▪Abort login immediately if a module in this chain fails to cause the login process to abort when ▪
any authentic ation  module fails.
▪Allow caching of this chain’s module results to control whether the chain’s results are chached ▪
after  c ompletion.  This is enabled for most chains by default.
5.Click Add to add the authentic ation  chain. 5.
Bravura Security Fabric  refreshes the page and displays the Modules table.
Next: 
1.Add authentic ation  modules to a chain  (on page 845) 1.
2. Con figur e  authentic ation  modules  (on page 847) 2.
3.Set authentic ation  module order  (on page 860) 3.
4.Enable authentic ation  chains  (on page 861) 4.
Adding authentic ation  modules to a chain
To add an authentic ation  module to a chain:
1.From the authentic ation  chain c on figur ation 1.
The Authentic ation  chains page gives you access to the c on figur ation  pages for the built-in chains, and
to the Custom authentic ation  chains page, where you can add, enable, disable, and delete your own
chains.
To navigate to the Authentic ation  chains page:
1.Click Policies > Authentic ation  chains . 1.
2.Click the appropriate link or Custom  to modify an e xisting  authentic ation  chain  (on page 842). 2.
or
Click Custom to add a custom authentic ation  chain  (on page 844).
page, under Modules , click Add new... .
Bravura Security Fabric  refreshes the page and displays the Module c on figur ation  section.
2.Choose which type of module to use at the start of your authentic ation  chain, as listed in Table 2.
Authentic ation  chain module types  (on page 846).3.Select the Control type to use for this module, as described in Table Authentic ation  chain module 3.
control types  (on page 847).
4.Enter a description  for this module. 4.
5.Click Save . 5.
Your new module is listed under Modules , highlighted in green.
You must de fine  question  sets  (on page 1024) before creating  an authentic ation  chain which includes
security questions.
Ensure that the last module in an authentic ation  chain has its control type set to binding, required, or
requisite for maximum security
If a user selects the Mobile authentic ation  option  from a mobile device, they will not be asked for a
QR Code. Instead the user will be authentic at ed  without being asked for any further inf ormation.
Always ensure another authentic ation  option  is available to avoid users using the Mobile
authentic ation  option  on mobile devices.
Next
Con figur e  authentic ation  modules  (on page 847)
Authentic ation  chain module types
Option Description
Password authentic ation The user must enter a password.
Security questions The user must successfully answer a series of questions.
External program The user must verify against an external plugin.
Security questions  with answer
scoresThe user must successfully answer a series of questions  with a passing
score for the authentic ation  threshold.
Email/SMSPIN The user must enter a PIN that is sent to the user via Email or SMS.
Connector package agent Allows for authentic ation  using either the user verify password or
challenge response authentic ation  oper ations  directly on applicable
target systems; for example a RADIUS Authentic ation  or RSA
Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 target system may be used for the
challenge-response.
Authentic ation  chain selector Provides features for authentic ation  chain selection:
▪Branching to a specified  chain ▪
▪Allowing users to select which chain to use for authentic ation ▪
▪Using an external plugin  (on page 981) to aut omatic ally  select which ▪
chain should be used.
Mobile authentic ation The user must scan a QR Code using the Bravura One  app registered on
their mobile device.
User identific ation The user must enter a user ID. This module is included in the built-
in ”User identific ation  service” chain. It is not available for selection  in a
custom chain.Option Description
Federated login assertion This module is used when Bravura Security Fabric is acting  as an
Identity  Provider for another web applic ation  (eg. Google, WebEx,
Salesforce). It must be the last module of the last authentic ation  chain
used for all c on figur ed  authentic ation  paths, because it is the one that
will redirect the user’s browser back to the Service Provider.
SAML Authentic ation This module is used when Bravura Security Fabric is acting  as a Service
Provider, using one or more authentic ation  factors from an external
Identity  Provider (eg. Google or Okta). The module can be placed
anywhere in the authentic ation  path as it will not be available if the
user logging in does not have an account on the target c on figur ed  as
the Identity  Provider.
Authentic ation  chain module control types
Control type On success… On failure…
binding If the request has not failed on any earlier
module in the chain, then authentic ation  is
considered complete and the user is
granted access.The request proceeds through the chain
but is ultima t ely  denied.
required The request proceeds through the chain
and the user is granted access, unless the
request fails on another module.It proceeds through the chain but is
ultima t ely  denied.
requisite The request proceeds through the chain
and, unless it fails on another module, the
user is granted access.The chain is immediately terminated and
the request is denied.
sufficien t If the request has not failed on any earlier
module in the chain, then authentic ation  is
considered complete and the user is
granted access.The result, by itself, is ignored and the
request proceeds through the chain.
If all modules in a chain are marked
“ optional”  or “ sufficien t ” ,  at least one of
the modules must succeed to clear the
authentic ation.
optional The result, by itself, is ignored and the
request proceeds through the chain.The result, by itself, is ignored and the
request proceeds through the chain.
If all modules in a chain are marked
“ optional”  or “ sufficien t ” ,  at least one of
the modules must succeed to clear the
authentic ation.
Con figuring  authentic ation  modules
A number of c on figur ation  options  are displayed in the Module c on figur ation  table, depending on the
module type.
To c on figur e  a module:1.On the authentic ation  chain's c on figur ation 1.
The Authentic ation  chains page gives you access to the c on figur ation  pages for the built-in chains, and
to the Custom authentic ation  chains page, where you can add, enable, disable, and delete your own
chains.
To navigate to the Authentic ation  chains page:
1.Click Policies > Authentic ation  chains . 1.
2.Click the appropriate link or Custom  to modify an e xisting  authentic ation  chain  (on page 842). 2.
or
Click Custom to add a custom authentic ation  chain  (on page 844).
page, select the saved module so that it is highlighted in green, and the c on figur ation  options  are
displayed below.
2.Set options  as required: 2.
▪Password authentic ation  module (password.pss)  (on page 848) ▪
▪Security questions  module (response.pss)  (on page 849) ▪
▪External program module (external.pss)  (on page 851) ▪
▪Security questions  with answer scores module (scoreqna.pss)  (on page 852) ▪
▪Email/SMS PIN (emailsmspin.pss)  (on page 856) ▪
▪Connector package agent (agent.pss)  (on page 858) ▪
▪ Authentic ation  chain selector (select_chain)  (on page 859) ▪
▪Mobile authentic ation  (mobileapp)  (on page 860) ▪
3.Click Update . 3.
Password authentic ation  module (password.pss)
The password authentic ation  module runs the built-in password.pss  authentic ation  program. Set the
following for the password authentic ation  module:
If module succeeds, bypass this module in failed
attemp t  retriesThe module is not shown again for authentic ation  if the
authentic ation  chain fails and is retried from a failed
attemp t  and the module had succeeded in a previous
attemp t.Increment lockout counter when this module fails Increments the global fail counter each time  a user fails
authentic ation  for this module. It is enabled by default.
The global fail counter is managed by the MAX
USERAUTH FAILURE system variable. If the number of
failed attemp ts  reaches MAX USERAUTH FAILURE, then
the user is locked out.
Note : If a product administratorhelps another user via
the HELPDESK_LOGIN chain, and the Increment lockout
counter when this module fails option  is disabled for
any of the modules in that chain, then the global fail
counter will still increase if the product
administratorfails to correctly answer any of the
questions  during help desk authentic ation.  However,
this does not cause the user to be locked-out, even if
the number of failed attemp ts  reaches or exceeds the
value set by MAX USERAUTH FAILURE.
Security questions  module (response.pss)
The security questions  module runs the built-in response.pss  authentic ation  program.
Set the following for the security questions  authentic ation  module:
If module succeeds, bypass this module in failed
attemp t  retriesThe module is not shown again for authentic ation  if the authentic ation  chain fails and is retried
from a failed attemp t  and the module had succeeded in a previous attemp t.
Increment lockout counter when this module fails Increments the global fail counter each time  a user fails authentic ation  for this module. It is
enabled by default. The global fail counter is managed by the MAX USERAUTH FAILURE system
variable. If the number of failed attemp ts  reaches MAX USERAUTH FAILURE, then the user is
locked out.
Note: If a product administratorhelps another user via the HELPDESK_LOGIN chain, and the
Increment lockout counter when this module fails option  is disabled for any of the modules in
that chain, then the global fail counter will still increase if the product administrator fails to
correctly answer any of the questions  during help desk authentic ation.  However, this does not
cause the user to be locked-out, even if the number of failed attemp ts  reaches or exceeds the
value set by MAX USERAUTH FAILURE.If a user does not have a valid security questions
pr ofileDe fines  which action  to take when a user does not have a complete security questions  pr ofile.
If a user’s security question  pr ofile  is incomplete and this option  is set to:
Abort login immediately – The entir e  authentic ation  chain is not available as an authentic ation
method for the user and is not displayed.
Fail this module – The response.pss module is treated as a failure. If the Control type for
this module is set to either:
▪ sufficien t  or optional , and the other modules in the authentic ation  chain are valid for the ▪
user, then the user can still authentic a t e  using the other modules.
▪binding , required or requisite then the entir e  authentic ation  chain is not available as an ▪
authentic ation  method for the user and is not displayed.
▪Bypass this module – The response.pss module is completely ignored regardless of ▪
Control type , even if set to required .
▪CAUTION: If this option  is set and the module is bypassed, and the remaining modules are ▪
set to either sufficien t  or optional , then access is not immediately granted. At least one of
the remaining modules must pass in order to gain authentic ation.
Interval to re-sample questions  when a user fails to
provide correct answersControls whether or not new questions  are selected for a user if they previously answered
incorrectly. You can choose the period of time  before the questions  are re-sampled from the
drop-down list. When this period of time  expires, a diff er en t  set of security questions  are
randomly chosen for the user. The default is to re-sample security questions  after  an hour.
Question  sets are often  c on figur ed  to select a random subset of the questions  in a user’s
pr ofile.  For example, a user may have 5 questions  enrolled in a given question  set. The
question  set may be c on figur ed  to prompt the user for a random 2 of those questions.
One of the objectiv es  of random selection  is to make it harder for an attack er  to predict what
questions  will be presented. An attack er  could respond to a displayed set of questions,  which
he cannot answer, by abandoning the login process and trying again.
This setting  allows you to prevent an attack er  from ”shopping” for a set of questions  to which
he has gathered answers. It also prevents the attack er  from g etting  an e xhaustiv e  list of
questions  which might be asked of a given user, which he can then research answers to.
Number of questions  to ask during authentic ation Provides more control over how many questions  to ask from each question  set. If you do not
change this setting ,  it defaults to the setting  for each individual question  set.
You can choose:
▪From all question  sets  Choosing a number from this drop-down list allows you to specify ▪
how many questions  the user is asked.The questions  are randomly selected from all
available question  sets. Setting  this value aut omatic ally  changes the value for individual
question  sets to (None).
Note:  This setting  is not intended to work for SecurID questions  when the user’s token is in
extended mode, such as the next token code or new pin modes.
▪From [<questionset>]  Each available question  set has a drop-down list, allowing you to ▪
specify how many questions  the user is asked from each question  set. Changing this value
aut omatic ally  changes From all question  sets  to (None).
Note: If javascript is disabled, then you must manually set From all question  sets  to (None)
before changing the value for any of the individual question  sets.
Con figur ation  notes for the Security questions  module: