Group sets
This dashboard reports on group set s t atistics,  including the number of group sets currently checked out,
blocked check-outs, and requests approved for check-out.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Group sets . This dashboard is split
into two sections:
▪Current s t atistics  for group sets: these s t atistics  are not based on a time  interval ▪
▪Group sets summary: these s t atistics  are restricted to the specified  time  interval. You can select ▪
various time  intervals from the drop-down list to calculate the s t atistics.
Only the current s t atistics  for group sets are cached.Account sets
This dashboard reports on account set s t atistics,  including the number of account sets currently checked
out, blocked, and approved for check-out.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Account sets . This dashboard is
split into two sections:
▪Current s t atistics  for account sets: these s t atistics  are not based on a time  interval ▪
▪Account set access summary: these s t atistics  are restricted to the specified  time  interval. You can ▪
select various time  intervals from the drop-down list to calculate the s t atistics.
Only the current s t atistics  for account sets are cached.Managed account access trend
This dashboard reports on the trend analysis of managed account access check-outs, including the
number of requests for access, approved requests, denied requests, and accounts checked out and
checked in. You can select various time  intervals and user pr ofiles  from the drop-down list to calculate
the s t atistics.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Managed account access trend .
In addition,  product administrators with the "View privileged access dashboard" privilege also require the
"View pr operties  for this policy" access control for the managed system policy the managed accounts are
bound to.This dashboard does not use cached data.
Group set access trend
This dashboard reports on the trend analysis of group set access check-outs, including the number of
requests for access, approved requests, denied requests, and group sets checked out and checked in. You
can select various time  intervals and user pr ofiles  from the drop-down list to calculate the s t atistics.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Group set access trend .In addition,  product administrators with the "View privileged access dashboard" privilege also require the
"View pr operties  for this policy" access control for the managed system policy the group sets are bound
to.
This dashboard does not use cached data.
Password r andomiz ation
This dashboard reports on password changes s t atistics  for managed accounts including successful and
failed changes. These s t atistics  are restricted to the specified  time  interval. You can select various time
intervals from the drop-down list to calculate the s t atistics.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Password r andomiz ation .
This dashboard does not use cached data.Onboarding and offboar ding
This dashboard reports on s t atistic  of systems and accounts that have been onboarded and offboar ded.
These s t atistics  are restricted to the specified  time  interval. You can select various time  intervals from the
drop-down list to calculate the s t atistics.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Onboarding and offboar ding .
This dashboard does not use cached data.
W orkflo w  dashboard
 Applies to Bravura Identity  
 Applies to Bravura Privilege
Product administrators with the "View w orkflo w  dashboard" privilege can click View dashboards
> W orkflo w  to see s t atistics  of requests that are submitted,  completed, pending authoriz ation,  and
pending implemen t ation.
A pie graph is included to display the following s t atistics:
▪Total requests completed during interval▪
▪Total requests pending approval at end of interval▪
▪Total requests pending implemen t ation  at end of interval ▪
The dashboard also includes s t atistics  for Top 5 most activ e  target systems, Top 5 authorizers invited to
approve/deny changes, Top 5 implementers invited to complete changes and the 10 oldest requests that
are pending action.
The line graph included at the bottom  of the page displays the trend of requests submitted,  completed,
approved and denied per day over a period of days. A circle on the line graph represents a data point
over a specific  day. Hovering over a circle will highlight the data point.
The pie graph is only visible if there is data during the selected time  period. All the data on this page is
displayed based on UTC.