       "BACKWARD_UNAME" = ""
       "BACKWARD_UNAME_WITHIN" = ""
       "DICTWORD" = ""
       "DICTWORDWITHIN" = ""
       "FIRSTLETTER" = ""
       "FORWARD_UNAME" = ""
       "FORWARD_UNAME_WITHIN" = ""
       "MAINFRAME" = ""
       "MATCH_N_UNAME" = ""
       "MAXLOWER" = ""
       "MAXPAIR" = "2"
       "MAXPASSLENGTH" = ""
       "MAXPUNCTUATION" = ""
       "MAXUPPER" = ""
       "MINDIGITS" = "3"
       "MINDIGITSINSIDE" = ""
       "MINLETTERS" = "10"
       "MINPASSLENGTH" = "20"
       "MINPUNCTINSIDE" = ""
       "MINPUNCTUATION" = ""
       "NOCHAROCCUR_NUM" = ""
       "NONPRINTABLE" = ""
       "NOSTRIPDICTWORD" = ""
       "PERMUTEDDICTWORD" = ""
       "PERMUTED_UNAME" = ""
       "PLUGINCHECK" = ""
       "PLUGINGENPWD" = "myrandomizer.psl"
       "PLUGINWARNPWD" = ""
       "SIGNIFICANTNUM" = ""
       "UPPERANDLOWER" = ""
     }
   }
If a password rule has not been de fined  in Manage the system (psa) module, its value is empty in the
input.
Output
The plugin outputs the r esulting  random passwords, one password per-line; for example:
   "" "" = {
     "retval" = "0"
     "randompasswords" "" = {       "password" = "ru12"
       "password" = "ru637acotdereodicUci123"
       "password" = "ru637acotdereodicUci1234"
     }
   }
.
See also: 
You can also use the GET PASSWORD EXT plugin point ( Manage the system > Policies > System
interfaces ) to generate pr e-de fined  passwords when help desk user s assist users with password changes.
See Keeping passwords secret from product administrators  (on page 836).
You can enable a JavaScript option  to aut omatic ally  populate password fields  when a suggested password
is selected. To do this, enable the UseSuggestedPassword option  in the config.js script. See
Modifying JavaScript behavior  (on page 3518) for more in f ormation.
Add a customized message to users
In Bravura Security Fabric ’s user interface, password policy rules are displayed by default on password
cr eation/r ese t  pages. A list of complex rules can be difficult  to read. You can add to or replace the list of
rules with a message that is simpler and easier to understand.
To add a customized message:
1.On the policy’s Password policy tab, type your customized message in the Message displayed to users 1.
when changing passwords section.
Any text in the Message field  will be displayed as a single paragraph. If you would like more
f ormatting ,  create a tag and use HTML f ormatting.  See the CUSTOMIZATION  (on page 3471) for more
in f ormation.
2.If you do not want any of the rules displayed, select Only display this message . 2.
Users will still be informed by a warning message if their chosen password does not adhere to the
password policy rules.
Alt ernativ ely  you can hide individual rules by selecting  the Hide description  checkbox for the rule.
3.Click Update . 3.T esting
Gener ating  passwords
You can test whether Bravura Security Fabric  can generate an adequate number of random passwords
based on the current password policy. To do this:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Password policies . 1.
2.Select the policy for which you want to de fine  rules. 2.
3.Select the Password policy tab. 3.
4.Scroll to the Test password policy form at the bottom  of the page. 4.
5.Type the number of random passwords for Bravura Security Fabric  to generate. 5.
This value must be between 100 and 1000. The default is 100.
6.Click Test. 6.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the number of passwords that satis f y  the password policy, out of the
total number of passwords generated. If the success rate is too low, it may indicate that your password
policy is too complex.
Checking passwords against strength rules
You can test whether a password conforms to all the c on figur ed  password strength rules on the Test
password tab for a password policy. This is useful to determine whether or not the rules you have
de fined  may be too complex for end users, or if they will meet the needs of your or g aniz ation.
To test a password:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Password policies . 1.
2.Select the policy for which you want to de fine  rules. 2.
3.Select the Test passwords tab. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Test passwords page, which simulates the password strength rules
and messages displayed to users when they are asked to create new passwords.
4.Type the password in the New password field  and click Test. 4.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the results of the test.Question  sets
Security questions  can be used in three basic ways:
1.As an authentic ation  factor for end users, either as stand-alone (not recommended) or used in 1.
c ombination  with another factor, in a 2FA/MFA type setup.
2.Assist help-desk users in identif ying  callers by asking them to answer some of their previously de fined 2.
questions.
3.Allow help-desk users access to pr ofiles  without authentic ating  callers, but allow them to see 3.
questions  and answers for informal authentic ation.
Bravura Security recommends security questions  as an authentic ation  factor for Bravura Pass and
Bravura Identity  deployments, but not for Bravura Privilege.
Bravura Security recommends c on figuring  at least two question  sets for enhanced security:
▪ Question  set 1 used by end users to authentic a t e  themselves. No other users will have access to this ▪
question  set in any way.
▪ Question  set 2 used by help desk users to authentic ation  end users. ▪
You can de fine  and use c ombinations  of question  sets that include:
User -de fined  questions Users create their own questions  and answers.
Bravura Security Fabric  includes a default user -de fined
question  set, DEFAULT_USERQSET.
Pr e-de fined  questions Users provide answers to pr e-de fined  questions  that
they choose from a list.
Bravura Security Fabric  includes a default pr e-de fined
question  set, DEFAULT_PREDEFQSET, which contains
sample questions.  product administrator s de fine
additional  questions.
External questions Questions,  or both questions  and answers, are stored in
an external source, such as RSA Authentic ation
Manager or LDAP directory, and retrieved by a plugin.
If you are using security questions  as an authentic ation  method, ensure that the Update security questions
(PSQ) module  (on page 1193) is enabled, otherwise users cannot complete their security question
profiles.
Adding question  sets
To add a question  set:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Question  sets . 1.
2.Click the appropriate link for the type of question  set that you want to add: 2.
▪ User -de fined  questions , ▪
▪ Pr e-de fined  questions  (internal), or ▪▪External questions  (this includes external pr e-de fined  sets). ▪
3.If Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of e xisting  question  sets, click Add new… at the bottom  of the 3.
list.
4.Set appropriate options  for the new question  set. 4.
5.Click Add. 5.
Question  set options
The following options  apply to question  sets:
Note: Options  marked with ⋆ are for pr e-de fined  question  sets only.
Options  marked with † are for external question  sets only.
Question  set options
Option Description
ID (Required) A unique identifier  for the new question  set.
Description (Required) The description  that Bravura Security Fabric displays to users.
Enabled Select this checkbox to enable the question  set for use with Bravura Security Fabric. This is
enabled by default.
⋆  Users allowed to edit answers Select this checkbox to allow regular users to edit answers in a pr e-de fined  question  set. This is
enabled by default. If disabled, this question  set will not be accessible through the Update
security questions  (PSQ) module.
†  Users allowed to edit questions/
ans w er sSelect this checkbox to allow regular users to edit questions  and answers in an external
question  set. If disabled, this question  set will not be accessible through the Update security
questions  (psq) module.
Minimum number of answered
questions  per user(Required) The number of questions  to which a user must provide answers. Set the value to 0
to make a question  set optional.
When you change this setting ,  Bravura Security Fabric aut omatic ally  schedules the
psdonechk program to run once to check compliance. To modify the scheduled job, click
Manage the system  > Maintenance > Scheduled jobs , then select PSDONECHK .
Answers in the set must be unique Select this checkbox to prevent users from giving the same answer to two diff er en t  questions.
Help-desk permissions Select a value to control how help-desk users can interact with questions  and answers in this
set:
▪Not allowed to view security questions ▪
▪Requires authentic ation  with security questions ▪
▪Allowed to view security questions ▪
See Help-desk permissions  (on page 1027) for details.
Ask users to answer questions  from
this setSelect this checkbox to prompt users to answer questions  from this set during authentic ation.
Ask telephone users to answer
questions  from this setSelect this checkbox to prompt Phone Password Manager users to answer questions  from this
set during in t er activ e  voice response (IVR) authentic ation.Option Description
Plugin for v alidating  answers (Optional)  The plugin to test the strength of questions  and answers when a user is updating
their Question  sets.
This option  is available in user -de fined  and pr e-de fined  question  sets.
Number of questions  to ask during
authentic ation(Required) Set the number of questions  to randomly draw from this set to ask a user during
authentic ation.
The number of questions  to ask cannot exceed the Minimum number of questions  user
pr ofiles  should contain . For an external question  set, set this number to -1 if you want to get
all questions  from the external source..
Page number for question  set to be
displayed in(Required) Users may be prompted to answer questions  in a sequence of authentic ation  pages.
Type an integer in this field  to make questions  in this set appear before or after  questions  in
other sets.
The page number must be unique for external question  sets.
Algorithm to match answers during
authentic ationSelect the algorithm to use when comparing the answers  (on page 1028) typed during
authentic ation  to the answers stored in the user’s pr ofile:
▪Exact string match▪
▪ Case-insensitiv e▪
▪Only alpha characters▪
▪Soundex algorithm▪
▪One extra character▪
▪N extra characters▪
†  External program (Required) The name of the external program, or authentic ation  plugin , to run.
See External question  set plugin tasks  (on page 1030) for details on the authentic ation  plugin
and how to correctly c on figur e  the question  set according to your needs and the c apabilities  of
the program.
This option  is only available for external question  sets.
†  Check that user has an account
on target systemDetermines how Bravura Security Fabric identifies  users on an external system.
See Identif ying  users on external systems  (on page 1030) for details.
†  External program provides
answers along with questionsSelect this checkbox if an external program will provide both questions  and answers for Bravura
Security Fabric to display and validate.
If this checkbox is not selected, then the program will accept answers from Bravura Security
Fabric and validate them.
This option  is only available for external question  sets.
See External question  set plugin tasks  (on page 1030) for details.
Note the following:
▪ Questions  from any of the question  sets can only appear in the default security questions  if the value ▪
for Number of questions  to ask during authentic ation  is greater than 0 and Ask users to answer
questions  from this set is checked.
▪To prevent the order of questions  in a selected set from being randomized, set Number of questions ▪
to ask during authentic ation  to -1. This is required for multi-s t ag e  question  sets, since the order of
entries is often  required to be shown in a particular  order.▪If you enable, disable, or modify the Ask users to answer questions  from this set option  in a question ▪
set that is part of any custom authentic ation  chains, then you must also modify the chains. See Using
question  sets with authentic ation  chains  (on page 1028)  for details.
Help-desk permissions
The possible values for the Help-desk permissions option  are as follows:
Select this value … So that help desk user s …
Not allowed to view security questions Are not prompted to answer questions  from this set
when the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain is
disabled.
This is regardless of their user access rules.
Requires authentic ation  with security questions Can be prompted to answer questions  from this set
before being allowed to view a user’s pr ofile  in the Help
users (IDA) module when the HELPDESK_LOGIN
authentic ation  chain is disabled.
Disabling the HELPDESK_LOGIN authentic ation  chain
and using this option  can be done for legacy / backward
c ompatibility .
help desk users with the Bypass security questions
right can choose to skip this step.
Allowed to view security questions Can view or edit the answers for a user’s question  set
after  clicking on the Security questions  tab from the
user’s pr ofile.
help desk users are not prompted to answer questions
from this set when the HELPDESK_LOGIN
authentic ation  chain is disabled.
Note: The global help desk rule is also required to have:
▪The ’View security questions’  privilege enabled in ▪
order to view the answers for the user’s questions.
▪The ’Update security questions’  privilege enabled in ▪
order to edit the user’s questions  and/or answers.
Help desk users are only able to view users’ answers in plain-text if:
▪The help-desk permissions setting  for the question  set is set to ’ Allowed to view security questions’ ▪
and,
▪The global help desk rule is c on figur ed  so that the ’View security questions’  privilege is allowed. ▪If either the help-desk permissions setting  is set to anything else or if the global help desk privilege is not
enabled, then the help desk user  will not be able to view the answers for the questions.
help desk user s will only be able to update the questions  and/or answers for a users if:
▪The help-desk permissions setting  for the question  set is set to ’ Allowed to view security questions’ ▪
and,
▪The global help desk rule is c on figur ed  so that the ’Update security questions’  privilege is allowed. ▪
If either the help-desk permissions setting  is set to anything else or if the global help desk privilege is not
enabled, then the help desk user  will not be able to update the user’s questions  and/or answers.
Algorithm for comparison of answers
The possible values for the Algorithm for comparison of answers option  are as follows:
Select this value … So that …
Exact string match Answers must match the stored pr ofile  character-for-
character.
Case-insensitiv e Uppercase and lowercase letter s  are treated alike.
Only alpha characters Characters other than letter s  (digits, punctuation
marks, spaces) are ignored when comparing what the
user typed to the Bravura Security Fabric  answers in
this question  set.
Soundex algorithm What the user typed must sound like what the pr ofile
contains.
One extra character What the user typed can diff er  from the stored answer
by at most one character (missing, added or changed).
N extra characters What the user typed can diff er  from the stored answer
by at most N characters (missing, added or changed),
where N is the smallest integral value not less than 5%
of the length of the stored answer.
Using question  sets with authentic ation  chains
It is recommended that you modify and re-save any custom authentic ation  chain (if it includes a module
that uses security questions)  whenever a question  set is enabled, disabled, or modifies  the Ask users to
answer questions  from this set option.  This causes the authentic ation  chain module to use the updated
settings  from the question  set. If the custom authentic ation  chain and associated security question
modules are not modified  after  the question  set changes, then there can be c omplic ations  (described
below).
If the Ask users to answer questions  from this set option  is deselected for one of the question  sets, then
that question  set cannot be used for authentic ation  to the Front-end  using the default login
authentic ation  chain.For example, if an enabled question  set has the Ask users to answer questions  from this set option
deselected, and an authentic ation  chain module is c on figur ed  for use with a custom authentic ation
chain, then that chain cannot be used for authentic ation  unless it is c on figur ed  to not use any questions
from the set with this option  deselected. Instead, users see an error message s t ating  that that the
authentic ation  method is not accepted by the system. Authentic ation  is still possible using the built-in
security questions  authentic ation  method, but users are only prompted with questions  from valid
question  sets. Any questions  from the set that has the Ask users to answer questions  from this set
option  deselected are not included in the authentic ation  process. If all question  sets have this option
deselected, then users cannot log into the Front-end  using any authentic ation  method that involve
security questions,  including any custom authentic ation  chains that require them. Only methods that do
not involve security questions  (such as password.pss ) would be available for authentic ation  in this
case.
If a question  set that is in use by an authentic ation  chain is disabled or enabled, then the authentic ation
chain module which uses this question  set needs to be modified  and re-saved before the new question
set settings  can be applied. Also, depending on what was modified,  the module might need to be
r ec on figur ed  to prompt for a diff er en t  number of questions  from the available question  sets.
For example, if a question  set is disabled, this could lower the number of questions  available to an
authentic ation  chain c on figur ed  to use that set. An error message appears if a user reaches a point in a
custom authentic ation  chain where a module is c on figur ed  for security questions  and one of the question
sets is disabled. If that module is the score based challenge and response module, then the module itself
is also unusable until  it is r ec on figur ed  for the custom authentic ation  chain. Once the module is modified,
the values of its settings  are aut omatic ally  adjusted based on the question  sets that are available. If the
question  set is re-enabled before the custom chain is modified,  then the user is prompted with the
number of questions  de fined  within the set.  
T r oubleshooting  question  sets and authentic ation  chains 
If the custom authentic ation  chain and associated security question  modules are not modified  after  the
question  set is modified  as described above, then the following can occur:
▪When the module is viewed in the authentic ation  chain, the hover text for the parameters: ▪
▪ Still displays the old values from a pr e viously -de fined  question  set before it was disabled. ▪
▪Does not display values for a question  set that has been re-enabled, since it is using the default ▪
question  set values.
▪When viewing the settings  for the module without fir s t disabling the chain, which is essentially  a read- ▪
only format:
▪A disabled question  set is no longer shown in the section  for c on figur ed  question  sets. ▪
▪A re-enabled question  set is shown in the section  for c on figur ed  question  sets, and is reset to Use ▪
question  set setting .
▪If a user attemp ts  to use an authentic ation  chain that contains a security questions  module with a ▪
disabled question  set, then they will be unable to use the chain and will be presented with an error
message s t ating  that the authentic ation  method is not accepted by the system. This also applies to
help desk authentic ation  if the chain is c on figur ed  in the same way and a help desk user chooses this
chain when authentic ating  on behalf of another user.▪If a user attemp ts  to use an authentic ation  chain that contains a security question  module with a re- ▪
enabled question  set, then they will be prompted for the number of questions  as previously de fined
by the re-enabled question  set. This also applies to help desk authentic ation  if the chain is c on figur ed
in the same way and a help desk user chooses this chain when authentic ating  on behalf of another user.
Identif ying  users on external systems
When using an external question  set, users must be properly identified  on the external system. This
external authentic ation  plugin is only available to users who have an account on the specified  target
system; and is not displayed otherwise.
Enabling the Check that user has an account on target system option  causes Bravura Security Fabric  to
verify that the user has an account on the specified  target system.
If the specified  target system is a source of pr ofile  IDs, then the user’s pr ofile  ID can be used to identif y
them on the external system.
However, if the specified  target system is not a source of pr ofile  IDs and does not use standard IDs, then
the user’s pr ofile  ID cannot be used to identif y  them on the external system, which is pr oblematic.  If both
of these are true, then using the Check that user has an account on target system option  passes the
user’s target system login ID instead of the user’s pr ofile  ID, allowing them to be properly identified  on
the external system.
External question  set plugin tasks
The external question  set plugin program can interface with Bravura Security Fabric  and the external
system in several diff er en t  ways. Depending on your question  set c on figur ation,  a plugin can:
▪Provide questions  – Bravura Security Fabric  displays the questions  provided by the plugin to users. ▪
▪Provide both questions  and answers – Bravura Security Fabric  displays the questions  provided by the ▪
plugin to users. Additionally ,  Bravura Security Fabric  internally validates the users’ responses against
the answers provided by the external program. In order for this to work, the External program
provides answers along with questions  checkbox must be selected.
▪Validate answers – The external system, rather than Bravura Security Fabric , determines whether ▪
users’ responses are valid. In order for this to work, the External program provides answers along
with questions  checkbox must not be selected.
▪Update users questions  and answers on the external source – When users edit their questions  and ▪
answers, the authentic ation  plugin forwards their changes to the external source. In order for this to
work, the Users allowed to edit questions/ ans w er s  option  must be selected.
See also: 
See Adding to the authentic ation  menu  (on page 3507) for more in f ormation  about adding custom
authentic ation  methods to the Front-end  Select an authentic ation  method  page.
De fining  questions
You can add or modify questions  for pr e-de fined  internal and external question  sets.