Policy Setting
Remove All Programs list from the
Start MenuEnabled
Remove the "Undock PC" button  from
the Start MenuEnabled
Hide the notific ation  area Enabled
Do not display any custom toolbars in
the taskbarEnabled
Desktop
Hide and disable all items on desktop Enabled
Remove My Documents icon on the
desktopEnabled
Remove Computer icon on the
desktopEnabled
Remove Recycle Bin icon from
desktopEnabled
Don’t save settings  at exit Enabled
> Desktop
Disable Activ e  Desktop Enabled
Control Panel
Prohibit access to the Control Panel Enabled
> P er sonaliz ation
Enable screen saver Disabled
System
Don’t display Getting  Started welcome
screen at logonEnabled
Custom user interface Enabled
   Interface filename:  %logonserver%\sysvol\runurl.exe -cfg %logonserver%
\sysvol\runurl.cfg
Run only specified  Windows
applic ationsEnabled
   List of allowed applic ations:  runurl.exe
> Ctrl+Alt+Del Options
Remove Task Manager Enabled
Remove Lock Computer Enabled
Remove Change Password EnabledAdv ertise  Login Assistant
If you do not install Cr edential  Provider softw ar e  on users’ w ork s t ations  to allow them to access the
domain help account, users must be educated to use it when they cannot remember their passwords, or
when their passwords have been locked out.
There are several ways to do this:
▪Add ins tructions  to the help desk voice response system, so that users who call for help are instructed ▪
to try to log in with the help account.
▪ Con figur e  a domain policy to display a message to users attempting  to logon. ▪
▪Deploy a login screen background image to users’ w ork s t ations,  so that the ins tructions  to try the help ▪
account are always on the users’ screens.
▪Add ins tructions  about the help account to whatever media are distributed to users to tell them about ▪
the corporate help desk. For example, some companies print in f ormation  about how to call the help
desk on mouse pads.
Display message text to users at logon
You can c on figur e  Windows to display a message to users when they log on. You can customize the
message to educate or remind users about the help account. The message appears after  the user presses
[Ctrl]+[Alt]+[Del] . After  the user reads the message and clicks OK, they can proceed with the logon
process.
The message text to display to users is c on figur ed  by modifying the domain security policy.
To display a message to users at logon:
1.On the domain controller, start the Domain Security Policy  snap-in. 1.
On Windows 2012, click Windows Button  > Apps > Local Security Policy .
2.Expand Security Settings  > Local Policies > Security Options . 2.
3.In the right pane, follow these steps to create the message text:3.
On a Windows Server-based domain controller:
a.Click In t er activ e  logon: Message title for users attempting  to log on , and then type the text that a.
you want to appear in the dialog title bar.
b.Click In t er activ e  logon: Message text for users attempting  to log on , and then type the text that b.
you want to appear in the body of the message.
The policy will take e ff ect  after  the client has been rebooted.Self Service Anywhere: Overview
Bravura Pass  includes key features to assist remote users:
1.Email notific ation  to users about upcoming password expiry, since the notice  displayed at the 1.
Windows login prompt is not shown to users away from the office.
2.Support for r esetting  f or g otten  passwords or PINs from the login prompt, even if the user is away from 2.
the office  and is not physically attached  to the Internet.
3.Support for r esetting  f or g otten  encr yption  keys for users whose PCs are protected with full disk 3.
encr yption.
4.Support for r esetting  PINs for remote users. 4.
5.Password reset from a mobile phone.5.
These features are c ollectiv ely  referred to as Self Service, Anywhere (SSA) . Using these features, users can
resolve problems with their passwords, smart cards, tokens or full disk encr yption  softw ar e  both at the
office  and remote, from any endpoint device.
Password expiry warning for remote users
Problem Remote users are not notified  by Windows when their passwords are about to expire. Users who
infrequently connect their laptop to the office  network, instead checking email with a solution  such
as Outlook Web Access, suff er  regular password expiry and require frequent password resets.
Solution Bravura Pass  sends users emails warning of imminent password expiry. Users change passwords
using a web browser. An Activ eX  control refreshes the password on their laptop.
The solution  involves the following components:
Components Purpose
Notific ation  Service ( psntfsvc ) Updates the database with in f ormation  about
notific ation  events and compliance rules, and runs
plugins that:
▪Check if a user is in compliance for a particular  event ▪
▪Send reminders to non-compliant users, either by▪
web or email
▪Take action  if the reminder limit for a user is ▪
exceeded
▪Generate a list of non-compliant users for batch▪
notific ation
User notific ations  (PSN) module Can be used to notif y  users of pending password expiry
via a web page.
Change passwords (PSS) module Enables users to change passwords for one or more of
their accounts.
Password Manager service Can be used to queue password changes if they fail on
a target system.Password Manager Local Reset Extension Resets passwords and clears cached cr edentials  on
users' local w ork s t ations.
cgilocalr.exe The program that supplies HTML to the password status
page of the Change passwords (PSS) module for the S
STATUS EXT plugin point.
cgilocalr.cfg The c on figur ation  file for cgilocalr.exe.
To set up self-service password reset for remote users:
1.Set up web-based password management  (on page 1573) features, including expiry notific ation. 1.
2. Con figur e  Local Reset Extension  (on page 1578). 2.
Reset f or g otten,  cached passwords while away from the office
Problem Laptop users sometimes  change their password before leaving the office  and may forget the new
password when they need to use it while not attached  to the corporate network. Without a
technical solution,  the IT help desk cannot resolve these users’ problem until  they return to the
office.  User laptops are rendered inoperable until  they return to the office.
Solution A Bravura Pass  client softw ar e  program  (on page 1628) allows users who forgot their primary,
cached Windows password and cannot sign into their PC to connect to the Internet over a WiFi
hotspot or using an AirCard. Locked-out users can also establish a temporary Internet c onnection
using their home Internet c onnection  or a hotel Ethernet service. Once the user’s laptop is on the
Internet, Bravura Pass  establishes a temporary VPN c onnection  and launches a kiosk-mode (full
screen, locked down) web browser. The user steps through a self-service password reset process
and Bravura Pass  uses an extension  (on page 1578) to reset the locally cached password to the
same new value as was set on the network back at the office.
The solution  involves the following softw ar e:
Softw ar e Purpose
Change passwords (PSS) module Enables users to change passwords for one or more of
their accounts.
Password Manager service Can be used to queue password changes if they fail on
a target system.
Login Assistant Client softw ar e  that works with a specially constructed
and locked-down account, de fined  on a Windows
w ork s t ation  (7 or higher). It is typically used to allow
users, who forgot or otherwise disabled their login
password, access to a self-service password reset
facility.
Local Reset Extension Resets passwords and clears cached cr edentials  on
users' local w ork s t ations.
cgilocalr.exe The program that supplies HTML to the password status
page of the Change passwords (PSS) module for the S
STATUS EXT plugin point.
cgilocalr.cfg The c on figur ation  file for cgilocalr.exe.To set up local self-service password reset for remote users:
1.Set up web-based password management  (on page 1573) features. 1.
2. Con figur e  Local Reset Extension  (on page 1578). 2.
3. Con figur e  Login Assistant for remote users  (on page 1628). 3.
Unlock encrypted hard disk
Problem Or g aniz ations  deploy full disk encr yption  (FDE) softw ar e  to protect against data leakage in
the event that a corporate laptop is lost or stolen. Users with FDE on their PCs normally have
to type a password to unlock their hard disk, before they can boot up an oper ating  system.
This password is normally synchronized with the user’s primary Windows password, so that
the user only has to remember and type a single password at login.
If a user forgets his hard disk encr yption  unlock password, the user will be unable to start his
oper ating  system or use his computer. This is a serious service disruption  for the user and
can contribute to signific an t  support costs for the IT help desk.
IVR solution Most FDE packages include a key recovery process at the PC boot prompt. This normally
involves a challenge/response process between the FDE softw ar e,  the user, an IT support
analyst and a key recovery server. Bravura Pass  can front-end this process using an
integrated telephony option,  so that users can perform key recovery 24x7, from any loc ation,
using their telephone and without talking to a human help desk technician.
Web solution Users with access to the Bravura Pass  web interface can also recover an encrypted system
through the Unlock encrypted systems/accounts (HDD) module, which will provide them
with ins tructions  on how to acquire a challenge code for the system, if required. The relevant
connector will use this challenge code to generate a response code that can be used to
unlock the encrypted device.
The components used in the solution  depend on the type of FDE softw ar e,  and other requirements of
your or g aniz ation.  Connector Pack  ships with connectors for systems including Check Point, McAfee
EndPoint Encr yption,  and PGP Whole Disk Encr yption  (WDE).
▪The Check Point connector works with Phone Password Manager  or a custom applic ation  to ▪
communicate between Check Point and Bravura Security Fabric  servers.
▪The PGP WDE connector works with Phone Password Manager  and an Activ eX  control, nplocalr , to ▪
updated locally protected resources.
To set up the ability to unlock encrypted hard disks for remote users:
▪Interface with in t er activ e  voice response (IVR) systems  (on page 1637). ▪
▪ Con figur e  nplocalr  Local Reset Extension  (on page 1580). ▪
▪ Con figur e  the Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) module  (on page 1645). ▪
See also:
▪The Connector Pack documen t ation  for in f ormation  about in t egr ating  with hard drive encr yption ▪
systems .
▪Phone Password Manager  (on page 1742) for details on installing and c on figuring  the Bravura Pass  IVR ▪
solution.Smart card PIN reset
Problem Or g aniz ations  deploy smart cards to strengthen their authentic ation  processes. Users typically sign
into their PC by inserting  their smart card into a reader and typing a PIN. If users forget their PIN or
leave their smart card at home, they cannot sign into their PC. PIN reset is a complex support
process since the new PIN has to be physically installed on the user’s smart card. This means that IT
support may trigger a physical visit to the help desk.
Solution Bravura Pass  allows users to access a self-service web portal from anywhere, including from the
locked out login screen of their laptop, even away from the office  (even using WiFi, as described
earlier). Once a user signs into the self-service portal, Bravura Pass  can download an Activ eX
component to the user’s web browser, to communicate with the smart card and reset the f or g otten
PIN. Bravura Pass  can also be used to assign a user a temporary login password (often  a very long
and random one) to be used in the event that a user left his smart card at home.
The solution  involves the following components:
Components Purpose
Change passwords (PSS) module Enables users to change passwords for one or more of
their accounts.
Password Manager service Can be used to queue password changes if they fail on
a target system.
scpinplugin The scpinplugin  works with the Activ eX  control
HISCPINToolAX.ocx  to reset smart card PINs. PIN
strength checking can be done by checking the
c ombinations  of rules specified  in a c on figur ation  file
and the Bravura Pass  password policy.
To set up local self-service smart card PIN reset:
1.Set up web-based password management  (on page 1573) features. 1.
2. Con figur e  the smart card PIN reset  (on page 1648) plugin. 2.
Low cost multi- f act or  authentic ation  using mobile phones
Bravura Security Fabric  supports low-cost, multi- f act or  authentic ation  into its own request portal, using a
smart phone as a secondary authentic ation  factor.
This solution  is implemented using two technologies included with Bravura Security Fabric :
1.Managed enrollment, which aut omatic ally  invites users to: 1.
a.Provide their mobile phone number; and/ora.
b.Provide their personal email address; and/orb.
c.Install the Bravura One  app on their phone. c.
2.Having enrolled,2.
a.If the user connects from outside the private/secure corporate network, start with a CAPTCHA.a.
b.Next, prompt for the user’s login ID.b.c.Fingerprint the user’s browser – if the indicated user has signed on successfully from the samec.
browser before, this fact can act as an unobtrusive authentic ation  factor.
d.If the user connects from a browser or loc ation  not seen before, prompt for another factor, which d.
may be any of the following:
i.If the user has been activ a t ed  to use a third party MFA technology, such as a one time  password i.
token (e.g., RSA SecurID) or a third party app (e.g., Duo Security, Okta Verify), use that.
ii.If the user had previously installed Bravura One  on their phone, either use push notific ation  to ii.
display a PIN on their phone or display a cryptographic challenge in the login screen as a QR
code, which the user scans with the app.
iii.If the user had previously enrolled their mobile phone number, send a PIN to the user’s phone,iii.
via SMS and prompt the user to enter it.
iv.If the user had previously enrolled their personal email address, send a PIN to that address, oniv.
the assumption  that the user has email access on their phone.
e.Users may be prompted to select one of several MFA options  or one of several alt ernativ es  for the e.
same option  (e.g., send a PIN via SMS to one of multiple  mobile numbers or email addresses).
f.Finally, depending on whether the user remembers his password, prompt the user to enter it orf.
answer a series of security questions.  Using a second, ”knowledge” factor reduces the risk of
compromised authentic ation  due to lost or stolen phones or hardware tokens.
See Mobile Access  (on page 1444) for detailed in f ormation  about installing and c on figuring  Bravura One .Self Service Anywhere: Setting  up Login Assistant for remote users
Consider the scenario where a corporate user is off -sit e  with their corporate-domain laptop. The user is
at the Windows login screen and has f or g otten  their AD domain password, and cannot log in to Windows.
A phone call to their corporate help desk would enable the user to have their domain account password
reset by the help desk, but unfortunately the user is still off -sit e  (remote) and so the laptop’s locally
cached cr edentials  cannot be updated with the new password.
As a result, the new network password cannot yet be used by the user to log in to their laptop, and the
password reset has not actually helped the remote user in the least.
Laptop users sometimes  forget their password while off -sit e  from the corporate network. Without a
technical solution,  the users’ laptops are rendered inoperable until  they return to the office.  In this
scenario, the IT help desk can do nothing to assist.
Bravura Security’s Self Service, Anywhere (SSA) solution  allows users to securely reset their Activ e
Directory password and their locally cached password together, without needing to know the current
value. This chapter describes the technologies and c on figur ation  required to deploy SSA in this scenario.
User Experience
In this scenario, the key client-side components are VPN, Login Assistant with Cr edential  Provider and the
Local Reset Extension ( pslocalr ) softw ar e.  The Cr edential  Provider creates a password-less login tile –
a Change my password  button  – within the Windows 8+ login screen.
A user opens their Windows w ork s t ation  to the log in screen and realises they have f or g otten  their
password. The user clicks the Cr edential  Provider tile and is aut omatic ally  logged into the help account.
Instead of reaching the Windows desktop, however, a secure, kiosk-mode web browser is loaded. This
applic ation  allows the user to:
1. Neg otia t e  a corporate network and VPN c onnection, 1.
2.Connect to the web interface of their or g aniz ation’ s  instance of Bravura Pass  (as a full-screen, non- 2.
navigable web page) using Login Assistant,
3.Log in to Bravura Pass  using security question  or other authentic ation, 3.
4.Reset their password, including the locally-cached one using Local Reset Extension, and4.
5.Exit out to the login screen. (This will also tear down any temporary corporate network c onnections 5.
that were established.)
Because the Password Manager Local Reset Extension provides the ability to refresh locally-cached
passwords during a password reset from the user’s w ork s t ation,  the user is able to log into their
Windows w ork s t ation  immediately and does not need to travel to an on-network loc ation  to
resynchronize the cached and network password values.
Technical requirements
To deploy Login Assistant in the scenario described above, the following high-level requirements are
needed:▪Set up VPN infrastructure  (on page 1630) to support the refreshing of locally cached network ▪
cr edentials  on Windows w ork s t ations.
▪Allocate/provision appropriate domain controllers and a dedicated "site" within Activ e  Directory  (on ▪
page 1631).
▪Provision an IP subnet  (on page 1632). ▪
▪Install the Login Assistant  (on page 1595) with Cr edential  Provider softw ar e  on remote user laptops ▪
and w ork s t ations,  and c on figur e  it to use the locally installed VPN command-line client with specified
cr edentials.
On Windows 7 and Vista systems, ins t allation  of the Credential  Provider software  may fail unless the
Windows Installer service has the "SeBackupPrivilege" right.
On a Windows 7 or Vista work s t ation,  execute MsiServerCfg.vbs from the command line under
adminis trative  privileges. The script is located in the addon\login assistant\win\ directory.
Alt ernatively ,  install the following Microsoft  hotfix:
http:// support.microsoft.c om/kb/2514642
On newer Windows systems, the installer can assign the "SeBackupPrivilege" when it is run with
elevated privileges.
▪Either install the Bravura Pass  Local Reset Extension  (on page 1578) on remote user w ork s t ations/ ▪
lap t op s,  or set it up for remote e x ecution  from the Bravura Pass  server.
Downloading the ActiveX  control over a very slow c onnection  (eg. hotel rooms) may take a minute or
more, making a pre-ins t allation  approach beneficial.
Network architecture diagram
VPN requirements
A VPN c onnection  is required during the cr edential  refresh phase, where the Local Reset Extension
updates the local Windows cr edential  cache with the end user’s new AD password. If no VPN is available,
then attemp ts  to refresh the cached AD cr edentials  will fail, and the user will still be locked out of their
laptop.
When setting  up the VPN infrastructure:
▪A command-line capable VPN client must be installed on each end-user w ork s t ation  or laptop that will ▪
be used for remote c onnections.
To function  with Cr edential  Provider, it must be possible to start and stop this VPN c onnection  using a
command-line program. When the OTP method is implemented, the VPN command-line connect
command must launch an interface where the OTP can be manually input by the end user. On the
other hand, if using s t atic  cr edentials,  the Cr edential  Provider supports dynamically sub stituting  two
values — a “username” and a “password” — into the connect and disconnect command lines. Where
used, these values are stored encrypted within the Windows registry.
▪An applic ation-le v el  VPN user account must be provisioned for exclusive use by the Bravura Pass  client ▪
components. (This should normally be distinct  from any VPN accounts assigned to individual end-
users.)
▪One or more VPN endpoints should be setup:▪
▪These should be setup in perimeter networks ("DMZs").▪
If using a s t atic  password for the VPN cr edential,  then VPN c onnections  should terminate in a
perimeter network ("DMZ") rather than the main, corporate network.
▪They must honor the above "applic ation-le v el"  VPN user cr edentials. ▪
▪The VPN endpoints should be c on figur ed  with network address/port access control list r es trictions. ▪
The VPN endpoints must also be c on figur ed  to issue IP addresses to the c onnecting  systems from a
dedicated pool of IP addresses. This is needed as a part of a larger mechanism that will ensure that
c onnecting  VPN clients use the correct AD domain controllers.
Bravura Security  only tests the Cisco AnyConnect VPN client with product feature in t egr ations.  It is the only
officially  supported VPN client in t egr ation  with Bravura Security  products. Other VPN clients may work, but
Bravura Security  does not test nor officially  support them.
As the user’s personal VPN cr edentials  may include the f or g otten  password, VPN authentic ation  for SSA
cannot include this password. There are two alt ernativ es  for SSA VPN authentic ation:
1. Authentic a t e  the VPN using the end-user’s pr e-e xisting  OTP cr edential.  For example, RSA SecurID or 1.
similar. There is less need to restrict VPN network access in this case.
2.Use a s t atic  password known to the cr edential  provider softw ar e,  but not to any human. Connections 2.
made using this password should be severely restricted. There may be one password per device, one
shared password for all devices, or one password per group of devices.
Best pr actice