Type Active Directory DN
Description Organization Directory
4.Click Change to the right of the Address field  and enter the required in f ormation;  for example, for 4.
Activ e  Directory DN if this is the domain or domain controller.
Click Continue  to return to the Target system in f ormation  page.
5.Modify general options  (on page 494) as needed. 5.
To create Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofiles  from accounts on this system, select Source of pr ofile  IDs.
Note that List accounts , List attribut es , and List groups are selected by default.
6.Click Add. 6.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Administrator cr edentials  page.
7.Enter cr edentials  for a designated account to perform Bravura Security Fabric  oper ations  on the target 7.
system; for example on Activ e  Directory DN this would be member of the Domain Admins group with
read and write permissions for passwords and accounts.
Click Update .
8.To add user and other in f ormation  to the Bravura Security Fabric  database, click the General tab, then 8.
click Run discovery at the bottom  of the form.
9.Click the Authoriz ation  tab to select one or more users who can authorize access change requests on 9.
this target system.
Example: Adding an Activ e  Directory target system as source of pr ofiles
This section  shows you the typical procedure for adding an Activ e  Directory target. For this
demons tr ation,  this target will be set up so that it becomes the source of Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofiles.
This means that users with accounts in Activ e  Directory will have pr ofiles,  including full user name,
created for them in Bravura Security Fabric .
1.Click Manage the System > Resources > Target systems  > Manually de fined  to see the Target system s 1.
page.
2.Click Add new...  to add a new target system. 2.
3.Enter a unique identifier  for the new target system. The target ID can contain only letter s  (A-Za-z), 3.
digits (0-9), and underscores (_).
4.Select the target system’s Type ; for example, Activ e  Directory DN. 4.
5.Type a Description  for the target system. 5.
6.Click Change next to the Address field  to enter values for the target system address. For Activ e 6.
Directory, there are three primary methods for specifying the Activ e  Directory target address:
▪globaldomain.example.com▪
▪\\mydomaincontroller.example.com▪
▪\\mydomaincontroller▪
You can restrict user listing  by container or group membership.7.Enable Aut omatic ally  create a Privileged Access Manager managed system  if you want to manage 7.
privileged access to this system.
8.Select the Source of pr ofile  IDs checkbox. 8.
9.If you want Bravura Security Fabric  to generate a list of attribut es  for each account during auto 9.
discovery, select List attribut es.  You must select this checkbox if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
import OrgChart data from the target system.
10. Select the Allowed in the certific ation  process checkbox. 10.
11. For this demons tr ation  ins t allation,  leave other parameters with default values. 11.
12. Click Add. 12.
The Administrator cr edentials  page displays so you can add a target system administrator for the
target.
13. Type the target system administrator’s login ID in the Administrator ID  field. 13.
14. Type the account password in the Password and Con firm  password fields. 14.
For this demons tr ation,  the W ork s t ation  ID and Account ID do not apply.
15. Click Update . 15.
Test the c onnection
To test that your target system is c on figur ed  correctly:
1.Click the Test c onnection  tab. 1.
2.Click Test cr edentials . 2.
3.Results should show "Success"; if not, verify that the address, target type and administrator3.
cr edentials  are entered correctly.
For the next test, Bravura Security Fabric  performs a list oper ation  to enumerate user accounts on the
target system. The results of the list oper ation  are for t esting  purposes only and, unlike during auto
discovery, will not be loaded into the database.
Listing  can be a costly operation  on the target system. This may take a long time  on some systems.
4.Click Test list . 4.
While the list oper ation  is running, you can click the Refresh button  in the Bravura Security Fabric
na vig ation  bar to update the page status. When the oper ation  completes, the "Number of users
found" should match the number of enabled accounts on the target system.
5.Click Show users . 5.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the results of the generated user list.
Run auto discovery
Once a target system has been added and is flag g ed  as a source of pr ofile  IDs, you need to run
psupdate  to list accounts and create user pr ofiles:
1.Click on the General  tab. 1.
2.On the Target system inf ormation  page, click Run discovery  at the bottom  of the page. 2.Alt ernativ ely ,  on the Target systems  list page, select the target system and click Run discovery .
3. Con firm  that you want to start the update. 3.
Depending on the number and type of target systems, this process may take several minutes to
complete.
4.Click Home  
 . 4.
5.Click Manage reports > Reports > Users > Accounts . 5.
6.Click Run at the bottom  of the report form. 6.
If auto discovery was successful you should see a number of accounts listed as auto-associated.
Cloning target systems
You can clone an e xisting  target system from the Target system in f ormation  page  (on page 489) to create
a new target system. This is useful when you want to set up a system that is very similar to an e xisting
system.
To clone a target system:
1.Navigate to the Target system in f ormation  page  (on page 489) for an e xisting  target system. 1.
2.Click Clone, at the bottom  of the page. 2.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a new Target system in f ormation  page, with the ID field  blank. All
other general c on figur ation  settings  are copied from the original target. Logs and discovery tab
settings  are also copied from the original target. You need to c on figur e  administrator cr edentials  and
other tab settings.
3.Type the new target system’s ID, and modify other settings  to suit your requirements. 3.
4.Click Add.4.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Administrator credentials  page.
 Next: 
Add target system administrators for the target system  (on page 517).
Modifying or deleting  target systems
You can modify or delete an e xisting  target system from the Target system in f ormation  page  (on page
489).
If you make c on figur ation  changes, including the target system address, ensure that you click Update to
save the changes before leaving the page.
WARNING! If you change the target system type from one which includes shipped
default actions  for s (on page 566), any target-system-level overrides that
you have c on figur ed  are removed from the core product; however the
settings  related to them in the component framework c on figur ation  in the
Manage external data store (DBE) module will have to be edited manually.You can also delete multiple  target systems from the target system selection  page ( Manage the System >
Resources > Target systems  > <type >).
You cannot delete a target system if it is depended on by other Bravura Security Fabric  objects such as
managed groups. You must fir s t remove the dependencies; they will be listed in an in f ormation  pop-up
when you try to delete a single system.
A target system that is a managed system  will no longer be a member of managed system policies  to which it
belonged.
WARNING! It is strongly recommended that you back up all passwords and their
password histories if you are deleting  a target system that is a managed
system.
Applying c on figur ation  changes
When you add, modify, or delete a target system, you must update Bravura Security Fabric  in order for
your changes to take e ff ect.
Con figur ation  changes for all target systems take e ff ect  overnight during auto discovery . No accounts will
be associated with the target system until  this process is complete. If you want your changes to take
e ff ect  immediately:
1.On the Target system in f ormation  page, click Run discovery  at the bottom  of the page. 1.
Alt ernativ ely ,  on the Target systems list page, and click Run discovery .
2. Con firm  you want to start the update. 2.
Depending on the number and type of target systems, this process may take a few seconds, minutes,
or several hours to complete.
CAUTION: The Bravura Security Fabric  server stays online and services c ontinue
running. It is strongly discouraged to make changes to c on figur ation  data
or database contents during auto discovery; although Bravura Security
Fabric  will allow changes not related to target systems or the listing
process.  
Con figuring  general options
This section  describes c on figur ation  options  available on the main Target system inf ormation  page.
Some of the options  on this page may apply to products that you do not have installed.
Options  marked with a 
  in this document are required.
Symbols in this document indicate that the marked content applies to specific  product licenses:
 Bravura Privilege | 
  Bravura Identity  | 
  Bravura Pass
For IT Service Management (Ticket) systems, only the general options  are applicable. When you select a
tick e t  system, other options  are hidden.
Target system optionsOption Description
 IDA unique identifier  for the new target system. The target system ID can contain
letter s  (A-Za-z), digits (0-9), and other ASCII characters. The target system ID
cannot contain the following characters: \/*?<>|" .
 TypeThe target system’s type; which is a description  of the connector. The drop-
down list includes only licensed target system types for which you have
installed the connector
Ticket target systems are listed under IT Service Management Systems , and are
labeled with (Ticket) .
 DescriptionThis is the target system name that is displayed to users. Keep this short. If
there is a need for a detailed description  of the target system, write a s t atic
HTML page and de fine  its URL in the Help URL page (see below).
 AddressThe address of this target system  (on page 502). Refer to Target Systems  in the
Connector Pack documen t ation  for syntax and additional  c onsider ations.
Help URL In case a longer description  would help users, you can compose and post a web
page that describes this system further, and enter its URL here. Users can open
the URL by clicking the target system description  text wherever the text appears
in the user interface.
 Managed group/Network
resource target system typeSelect:
▪SMB Protocol  if you will be managing access to network shares on a ▪
Micr osoft  Activ e  Directory target system using Bravura Groups.
▪SMB Protocol for Activ e  Directory DN  if you will be managing access to ▪
network shares on an Activ e  Directory DN target system using Bravura
Groups.
▪SharePoint Resource  if you will be managing access to sites and documents ▪
on a SharePoint target system using Bravura Groups.
▪VMware vSphere Server  to manage access to groups on a "VMware vSphere ▪
Server" target system.
 
 Allowed in the certific ation
processAllow this target system to be included in a certific ation  process in Access
Certifier .
 Aut omatic ally  create a
Privileged Access Manager
managed systemAllow this target system to be c on figur ed  as a managed system in Bravura
Privilege . Deleting  this target system from the Bravura Privilege managed
systems will remove the ability of Bravura Privilege to reset passwords on the
target system without manual c on figur ation.
This option  is not available for local service mode target systems. You will need
to run target system import rules if you delete this target system from the
Bravura Privilege managed systems and decide to re-manage it.
P r ofile  and account association
Source of pr ofile  IDs Use this to indicate that users of this system should, by default, also be users of
Bravura Security Fabric . This also means that full user names are drawn from
this system.
See Building user pr ofiles  (on page 539) for details.Option Description
Account attribut e  to use as
pr ofile  IDBy default, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  uses the short ID on a Source
of Pr ofiles  to de fine  the pr ofile  name. If you want to use a diff er en t  account
attribut e  to create the pr ofile  ID, type the name of the account attribut e  in the
Account attribut e  to use as pr ofile  ID field.  Make sure the chosen attribut e  is
loaded from the target system  (on page 571) and that it is populated for all
accounts with a unique value. The accounts for which this attribut e  is blank or
doesn’t exist won’t create a pr ofile.  If the attribut e  has the same value for more
than one account, no pr ofile  will be created and an error notice  about
"duplicate accounts" will be logged. If the attribut e  has the same value for more
than one account, all of those accounts will be associated with the fir s t pr ofile
to be created (usually in alphabetic al  order).
Aut omatic ally  attach  accounts Select this checkbox if user IDs on the target system are identic al  to those on
Bravura Security Fabric . This allows Bravura Security Fabric  to aut omatic ally
associate accounts owned by the user with their user ID.
See Attaching  accounts  (on page 541) for details.
Account attribut e  to
aut omatic ally  attach  accounts to
user pr ofilesThe attribut e  to use to associate each account with an e xisting  pr ofile.  By
default, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  attaches  an account to a pr ofile  if
the account's short ID matches the Pr ofile  ID. If you want Bravura Security
Fabric to use a specific  account attribut e  (rather than the short ID) to determine
auto association,  type the name of the account attribut e  in this field.  Make sure
the chosen attribut e  is loaded from the target system and that it is populated
for all accounts; the accounts for which this attribut e  is blank or doesn't exist
won't be associated with any pr ofile.  If the attribut e  has the same value for
more than one account, all of those accounts will be associated with a single
pr ofile.
Auto discovery
List accounts When enabled (default) the connector generates a listing  of account login IDs
during auto discovery.
This option  is visible only if the target system supports account listing.
List account attribut es When enabled (default) the connector generates a listing  of account attribut es
during auto discovery. By default, only account attribut es  that are mapped to
pr ofile  and request attribut es  are loaded, and all attribut es  are loaded as single-
valued. You can override this behavior for individual attribut es.
In order to use this option  the List accounts checkbox must also be selected.
Bravura Security Fabric  can only list account attribut es  from supported systems.
See Target Systems  in the Connector Pack documen t ation  for details of specific
systems.Option Description
List groups When enabled (default) the connector generates a listing  of groups during auto
discovery.
In order to use this option  the List accounts checkbox must also be selected.
Disabling this option  does not remove any e xisting  managed groups; groups
must be manually unmanaged or they will be shown in the interface with a red
x (invalid) and have zero membership.
Target system supports multiple
owners on groupsWhen disabled (default) a single group owner is supported for a group.
When enabled, multiple  group owners are supported for a group.
List group attribut es When enabled the connector generates a listing  of group attribut es  during auto
discovery.
In order to use this option  the List groups checkbox must also be selected.
See Target Systems  in the Connector Pack documen t ation  for details of specific
systems.
Create pr ofile  IDs from enabled
accounts onlyEnable this to prevent accounts that are disabled on the target system from
being used to create Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  IDs. If you use the LDAP
filt er  option  in the target address, this option  is not considered (the LDAP filt er
overrides it)
Use ID filt er s  to include only
certain users and accountsYou can use ID filt er s  to exclude or include certain users and accounts. By
default, an ID filt er  excludes identified  users from Bravura Security Fabric .
When you select this checkbox, all accounts are excluded except those explicitly
included by an ID filt er .
CAUTION: You must also select the Include in system option  when c on figuring
the filt er .
Track account changes Select this checkbox to capture changes on target systems that happen out-of-
band from Bravura Security Fabric . Changes that will be tracked include:
accounts g etting  added and deleted, accounts joining or leaving managed
groups, account attribut e  values being changed, and account association  being
changed.
The tracked changes are viewable in reports as part of each user’s pr ofile
history.
This can also be used in automated user adminis tration .
Track group changes Select this checkbox to capture changes to group memberships on this target
system that happen out-of-band from Bravura Security Fabric . This option  can
also be set for individual managed groups.
The tracked changes are viewable in reports on group membership.
This can also be used in automated user adminis tr ation.Option Description
Aut omatic ally  manage groups Con figur e  this option  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to aut omatic ally
manage groups listed on the target system. This option  applies to Activ e
Directory, Oracle Database, or Domino Server Script target system types. Some
systems have thousands of groups; this option  may slow down the listing
dr amatic ally  and require a lot of space in the backend database; best pr actice  is
to manage only the groups whose membership matter s  for the purposes
Bravura Security Fabric  is used. Select one of the following:
(Disabled) : No groups will be aut omatic ally  managed; this is the default setting.
Only groups with owners, moderated by owners:  Only manage groups that
have an owner. Assign the owner as the group authorizer.
All groups, approval required:  Manage all groups on the target system. If a
group has an owner, then the owner is assigned as the group authorizer. If a
group has no owner, then authorizers must be manually assigned.
Groups whose membership will
be listedIf group listing  is enabled, use this option  to determine the groups whose
membership will be listed. Bravura Security Fabric  generates the group
membership lists during auto discovery. Select one of the following:
Managed groups: Only accounts immediately in the managed group will be
listed (nested group members are not listed), and only for groups that are
managed by Bravura Security Fabric .
Managed groups and child groups (if supported):  Group membership will be
listed for managed groups and any nested group of a managed group, if the
target system’s groups can be c on figur ed  hierarchically.
All groups:  Group membership will be listed for all groups, regardless of
whether Bravura Security Fabric  manages their membership.
Note: This option  only controls what is written  to the membership list files
during auto discovery.
To enable membership of non-managed groups to be displayed on Bravura
Security Fabric  module pages, enable all accounts to be discovered objects for
targets c on figur ed  to list group membership.
Allow child resources, including
templates and managed
account groups, to inherit
implemen t ation  c on figur ationEnable this option  to aut omatic ally  c on figur e  implementers for resources based
on the host target system’s resource oper ation  c on figur ation.  You can override
this setting  on the managed group and template in f ormation  pages.
Check password expiry For some target systems (Novell Directory Services (NDS), Micr osoft  Windows
server, Activ e  Directory, SQL Server), Bravura Pass can also extract a list of users
whose passwords will expire soon, or have already expired. This setting  is
enabled by default if the account attribut es  are listed, otherwise it’s
unavailable.
The list can be used by the Bravura Security Fabric  notific ation  system to warn
users of pending expiry.Option Description
Program to generate a list of
target systemsSome target system entries may actually represent c ollections  of actual target
systems; for example, an Activ e  Directory domain can be managed as a
c ollection  of domain controllers. The sub-host plug-in is used in these cases,
and this field  is where you enter the name of the plug-in. Sub-host plug-ins are
subject to the same timeout  interval as password connectors.
Connector time  out Connectors are given a finit e  amount of time  to perform oper ations,  before
Bravura Security Fabric  stops them. Use this field  to set that timeout  (in
seconds). A setting  of -1 will give the connector in finit e  time.
The default is 300  (fiv e  minutes). If oper ations  take longer than this time,  they
will be retried according to the c on figur ation  of the Password Manager service
(idpm) or the T r ansaction  Monitor Service (idtm): Comma-delimited list of
intervals (in minutes) to wait before retrying failed requests.
List time  out Connectors should be given a finit e  amount of time  to run during listing  before
Bravura Security Fabric  stops them. Use this field  to set that timeout.  The
default is -1 (in finit e),  because the product can’t tell how long each target can
take to list. A correctly c on figur ed  target system should not use in finit e
timeouts.
Minimum list file size (bytes) List files must be at least this large (in bytes). Smaller files are discarded, and
replaced by their backups.
List of proxies to run connectors
onProxy servers which can run connectors on behalf of the main Bravura Security
Fabric  server. List servers, separated by a semicolon, in the format:
<server name>/<port number>;<server name>/<port
number> .
The default behavior is to attemp t  to connect to proxies in the order in which
they are listed. The fir s t successful c onnection  is used as the proxy to run the
connector. To c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to attemp t  to connect to proxies
in random order, enable the AGENT PROXY RANDOM  setting  on the Manage
the system > Maintenance > Connector behavior > Options  page.
Allow incremental listing Attribut e  lists can be very large. Bravura Security Fabric  supports incremental
listing  of account attribut es  on some target system types, such as LDAP and
Activ e  Directory. For these targets, once the initial  discovery has been run,
Bravura Security Fabric  will only list attribut es  for an account if it detects that
the user has changed on subsequent runs of auto discovery. This setting  is
enabled by default for target systems that support it. You can generate a full list
of account attribut es  during the next auto discovery by clicking Generate full
list on the Target system in f ormation  page. You must c on firm  your request
before the change takes e ff ect.Option Description
Enable persistent listing This feature allows Bravura Security Fabric  to receive changes from Activ e
Directory and AD LDS LDAP as they happen on the domain controller. This
feature is only present on Activ e  Directory DN and LDAP Directory Service
target systems. It is disabled by default
Copy data from these targets,
separated by commas, during
auto-discoveryThis is used along with the "Connector e x ecution  order" auto-discovery list as
well as a post psupdate script for this target to copy the listing  data from one or
more other targets and to use for the list file for this target. For more
in f ormation  see Cr eating  a list file and copying data from other targets  (on page
516).
 
 The phase to which group
owner should be added when
being aut omatic ally  added as
authorizerThis option  is available if phased authoriz ation  is enabled and if the target
system supports it. This is useful, for example, in cases where a user’s manager
must approve a request before it is sent to the group owner. The default is to
add group owners to phase one.
Account Policy
Allow users to verify passwords Select this checkbox if you want the connector to verify passwords on this
target system. If not selected, users will not be able to select the target system
for authentic ation.
 Check accounts for
uniqueness when cr eating  new
pr ofile  IDsSelect this checkbox if you want to ensure that new pr ofile  IDs do not c on flict
with IDs on this system.
 Program to set the case of
new IDsWhen a new ID for this target system is created, use this program to set the
case. Bravura Security Fabric  provides 2 built-in programs: upper.pss  uses all
uppercase characters; lower.pss  uses all lowercase characters. Bravura
Security Fabric  uses lower.pss  by default.
 Policy for new account
requests when the user has an
e xisting  account on the target
systemSet this option  to determine whether you want template requests to use the
e xisting  account (do nothing) or create a new account.