Option Description
PROXY_AUTODETECT 0|1 Enable or disable proxy to use "Aut omatic ally  detect
settings".
PROXY_AUTOCONFIGURATION_ENABLE 0|1 Enable or disable proxy to use "Use aut omatic ally
c on figur ation  script".
PROXY_AUTOCONFIGURATION_URL Use this to set the URL of an aut omatic  c on figur ation
script.
PROXY_URL Use this to set the proxy server’s address.
PROXY_PORT Use this to set the proxy server’s port number.
The following parameters are available with ADDLOCAL=CREDPROV for Windows:
ska.msi / ska-x64.msi CREDPROV pr operties
Property Description
HIDEFASTUSERSWITCHING 0|1 Hides Fast User Switching on this machine,
pr e v enting  multiple  concurrent logins. The default is 1.
This property is no longer used and will be removed in
future releases. Fast User Switching must be enabled.
USECLASSICLOGON 0|1 Provides a more tr aditional  interface for login (rather
than individual tiles)  for users. It prompts for a user ID
and a password.
The default is 1.
 
See Installing add-on softw ar e  (on page 240) for general requirements for using a client MSI installer, and
ins tructions  for aut omatic  ins t allation  using a group policy.
Manual ins t allation
To manually install or upgrade Login Assistant on a w ork s t ation:
1.Copy the ska.msi installer, or ska-x64.msi  installer for 64-bit systems, from the addon 1.
directory to a scratch directory (C:\temp) on the local w ork s t ation  or to a publicly accessible share.
2.Launch the installer.2.Click Next .
3.Read and accept the license agreement.3.
Click Next .
4.Click Typical , then click Next . 4.5. Con figur e  the Login Assistant: 5.
▪URL of the Bravura Pass  server  The full path to the Bravura Pass  server. The URL can include skin ▪
name or other parameters. Do not set this URL to a redirect page.
▪Timeout This is the maximum amount of time  the Login Assistant secure kiosk account can be used ▪
before it aut omatic ally  closes. Default is 15 minutes.
▪Enable the language bar in the Login Assistant Select this option  if you want users to be able to ▪
select a diff er en t  language while using the Login Assistant.
▪Use a VPN c onnection  Select this option  if you want to establish a VPN c onnection  before opening ▪
the Bravura Pass  login page in a kiosk browser.
▪Allow users to connect from remote loc ations  Select this option  if you want users to be able to ▪
connect from remote loc ations,  using direct c onnection,  WiFi hotspot, or AirCard. This is generally
used along with a VPN c onnection.
▪Use a proxy for c onnection  Select this option  if you want the secure kiosk account browser to use ▪
the Edge proxy server to connect to the Bravura Pass  instance. You can c on figur e  settings  for the
proxy later.
Click Next .
6.Set up the help account.6.
Type the User ID  (default is help ). The help account is used to login and launch runurl .Use the format <User ID>@<Domain>  or <Domain>\<User ID> if the help account is a
domain user.
If the Use random password for this account checkbox  is selected, you do not need to enter a
password. A random password will be used instead. You must specify a password if you are only
installing the Login Assistant and not the Cr edential  Provider, or if you are using a domain account.
Click Next .
7. Con figur e  a VPN c onnection  program if you selected that option  earlier 7.
▪ Connection  program:  Name and full path of the program to run in order to establish a VPN ▪
c onnection.
▪ Connection  program arguments:  Command-line arguments for the VPN connect program; for ▪
example -u %USERID% -p %PASSWORD% .
▪ Disc onnection  program:  Name and full path of the program to run to disconnect from the VPN. ▪
▪ Disc onnection  program arguments:  Command-line arguments for the VPN disconnect program; for ▪
example -u %USERID% -p %PASSWORD% .
▪User ID:  To be used with the VPN connect and disconnect programs. ▪
▪Password: For the VPN user ID. ▪▪Timeout: The period in seconds that the runurl  program should wait before checking to see if ▪
c onnectivity  has been established after  the VPN connect program has run. Default value is 30.
▪Retries: Number of times  to test for c onnectivity  after  the VPN connect program has run. If this ▪
value is blank, there will only be one retry attemp t.  Default value is 3.
▪VPN test page URL: This option  may be used when the Bravura Pass  server is in a SaaS ▪
environment and accessible directly from the internet and the VPN must still be established. This
would be for a case such as c onnecting  to an Activ e  Directory server that is behind the VPN and is
required by the local reset extension when r esetting  a user's password using the Cr edential
Provider. If this URL cannot be reached by the SKA / Cr edential  Provider, then a VPN c onnection  will
be established to access it. For example, a Bravura Pass  server may exist behind the VPN.
▪VPN test page search words (multiple  sets of search words allowed, separated by \n):  This is a ▪
marker that is in the HTML source code for what to search for in the page from VPN test page URL.
For example, if there is a Pass server behind the VPN, you can search for an HTML tag that contains
a GUID that can be used for the search such as:
SKA MARKER 81A84EBD-2CE5-4794-8341-E1828711FFBC.
If you are using a Cisco anyConnect VPN c onnection,  there are additional  settings  that can only be
set by running the MSI on the command line
If you are using a Cisco anyConnect VPN c onnection,  the following additional  settings  that can only
be set by running the msi on the command line:
VPN_CONNECT_STDINPUT  is a [~]  separated list of lines that go to standard input. The value is
written  as a registry entry with multi-s tring  value called vpn-connect-stdinput . It does not
allow for empty lines as the registry value type does not either.
Run vpncli.exe  manually and in t eractively  to determine what input is needed. Input lines will
replace % USERID%  with the VPN userid and %PASSWORD%  with the VPN password; for example:
▪<vpn profile> ▪
▪%USERID%▪
▪%PASSWORD%▪
▪y▪
The <vpn profile>  should be replaced with VPN connect profile,  and the y is to accept VPN terms of
use. This translates into the following MSI command line parameter:
VPN_CONNECT_STDINPUT="profile[~]%USERID%[~]%PASSWORD%[~]y"
VPN_CONNECT_TERMINATE  is to optionally  terminate any running programs before trying to
launch the VPN client, as Cisco anyConnect will fail if vpncli.exe  or vpnui.exe  are running.
The value is written  as a registry entry called vpn-connect-terminate . This is optional  but
recommended. The value is a comma-separated list of process names; for example:
VPN_CONNECT_TERMINATE="vpncli.exe,vpnui.exe"
VPN_HIDE_WINDOW  is used to hide the pop-up console window that vpncli.exe  starts. This is
written  as a registry entry called vpn-hide-window . By default, it is off , as the showing of the
console window is the default behavior and is required for some VPN clients. To disable set:
VPN_HIDE_WINDOW = 1
For other SKA installer command-line options,  see Add-on ins t allation  command-line options  (on
page 245).
.
Click Next .
8. Con figur e  the remote account access if you selected that option  earlier. 8.
▪External URL to test for c onnectivity  This will be the URL of a website that used to determine if the ▪
computer is connected to the Internet, or still behind a r egis tr ation  screen or c aptiv e  portal. This
defaults to w w w .msftncsi.c om/ncsi. tx t.
▪Data expected from URL  This is a string that is expected from the above website. It should be ▪
unique enough to ensure that a r egis tr ation  page will not have the data, but always present on the
external URL. The default is Microsoft NCSI .▪Program to use to create a c onnection  If users will be using an AirCard or Internet stick,  this is the ▪
name of the program to run in order to connect. This program will be run from the Login Assistant
to allow the user to connect.
▪Main window title of program  If the Program to use to create a c onnection  is used, this is the ▪
main window title of the program when run. In AirCard, this is listed under the Task column on the
Applic ations  tab.
▪ Captiv e  portal time  limit (seconds)  Specify the length of time  to wait to see if a c onnection  has ▪
been established by the c aptiv e  portal used to create a c onnection.
The time  limit may be set between 0 and 600 seconds. The default is 300.
▪Address of the VPN server / Port of the VPN server If specified  these allow the remote Login ▪
Assistant to test a c onnection  to the VPN server to see if it can be accessed before s t arting  the
VPN. This can help with better  diagnosis and faster c onnection  times.
Click Next.
9.If you chose to use a proxy for c onnection  earlier, c on figur e  the Edge proxy server for the secure kiosk 9.
account. These settings  match those set in Edge > Internet Options  > Local Area Network (LAN)
Settings:
▪ Aut omatic ally  detect proxy settings  Sets Edge proxy server to "Aut omatic ally  detect settings". ▪
▪Use aut omatic  c on figur ation  script  Sets the proxy server to use "Use aut omatic  c on figur ation ▪
script".▪Use a proxy server  Sets proxy server to use a manually de fined  proxy server. ▪
Click Next .
10. Select the languages to be displayed by the Login Assistant. 10.Click Next .
11. Once you have finished  c on figuring  the various ins t allation  options,  you are prompted to start the 11.
ins t allation.
Click Install .
The installer begins copying files to your computer. The  Ins t allation  Complete dialog appears after  the
softw ar e  has been successfully installed.
12. Click Finish to exit. 12.
Depending on your ins t allation  options,  you may be prompted to restart Windows.
Uninstalling
Upon uninstall, the help account and the associated pr ofile  folder will be deleted, but the registry hive
still be present, especially if there were options  added manually. Before installing another version of
Login Assistant, check that the:
▪Key HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\ is deleted in the w ork s t ation’ s ▪
registry
and
▪Folder C:\Program Files\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\ is deleted from the w ork s t ation’ s ▪
file systemT r oubleshooting
If you see the following errors when installing the Login Assistant:
▪Failed to open token for user help. Error 1385 . Review the group policies on the domain controller to ▪
ensure that users can log into a local w ork s t ation  before and after  joining a domain.
▪Installer service failed to respond.  Review the group policies on the domain controller to ensure that ▪
users can log into a local w ork s t ation  before and after  joining a domain.
▪Failed to open token for user help. Error 1314.  A required privilege is not held by the client.  Ensure ▪
that ska.msi is run with elevated privileges  (on page 242).
▪The system does not allow you to logon in t er activ ely  Ensure that the help user is able to log in ▪
locally. In some situations  Windows may apply domain policies upon reboot that cancel this right for
local users.
See also
▪You can use the logutil  program to enable logging  (on page 257), for debugging purposes. ▪
▪You can use the debugska  registry setting  to improve logging  (on page 1633) for SKA remote access. ▪