This functionality  requires JavaScript to be enabled. If JavaScript is not enabled, a checkbox will appear
next to the button.  You must select this checkbox before clicking the button.
Entering multi-languag e  descriptions
Wherever you enter a description  that Bravura Security Fabric  displays to end-users (target descriptions,
question  set descriptions,  question  de finitions)  you can type a multi-languag e  tag, rather than the
v erbatim  English text. When users view the description  in a self-service module , Bravura Security Fabric
replaces the multi-languag e  tag with text in the language selected by the user.
In the Manage the system  (PSA) module, you write multi-languag e  tags in the format !!! <tag name> . For
example, Bravura Security Fabric  creates the default pr e-de fined  question  set (DEFAULT_QSET)  with
the description  !!!DEFAULT_QSET_DESC .
In order to use a custom multi-languag e  tag, you must fir s t create a de finition  in the appropriate file,
then rebuild the skin files.
See the CUSTOMIZATION  (on page 3471) for more in f ormation.3 Searching
This chapter explains:
▪Searching within a page  (on page 362) ▪
▪Saved searches  (on page 365) ▪
Searching within a page
When you perform a task that requires you to select an object, such as a user, group, or target system,
you may need to narrow down the list to find the object you are looking for.
When accessed from a report page, some searches behave somewhat diff eren tly  from the rest of Bravura
Security Fabric. See REPORTS  (on page 2891) for details.
Basic searching
You can narrow down the list of objects using a basic search. To do this, use the Search field  to include
only objects that contain the string of characters.
When performing a basic search:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  can match on more than one column. ▪
▪All matches are c ase-insensitiv e  (unless otherwise indicated). ▪
▪Use the drop down menu next to Records to change how many records are displayed on each page. ▪
▪If a checkbox is available in the top row, you can use this to select all records displayed on the page.▪
You can perform an advanced search to locate objects with values or pr operties  that are not displayed on
the page.Advanced searching
You can submit an advanced search query by combining up to fiv e search expressions. The query can be
c on figur ed  to match any or all search expressions.
The advanced search engine displays a list of relevant search criteria. Depending on the initial  criterion
selected, c onditional  drop-down boxes provide a second list of possible comparators, such as ”contains”
or ”starts with”. You can combine these lists to form complex search expressions.
Additionally ,  the advanced user search engine can search on:
▪User ID – the ID for one or more users▪
▪User name – the user name for one or more users▪
▪Target system ID – list of users that have an account on one or more matching target system IDs▪
▪Group ID – list of users that have group membership for one or more managed groups▪
▪Role ID – list of users that are assigned to one or more roles▪
▪Direct manager – users that have the specified  user as a direct manager in the OrgChart ▪
▪Direct and indirect managers – users that have the specified  user as a direct or indirect manager in the ▪
OrgChart
▪ Pr ofile  attribut es  – list of users that have a specific  attribut e  set to a matching value ▪
The advanced field  search form is a query builder form; query fields  and their values are dynamically
generated and become available for selection  depending on previously selected fields.
To create an advanced search query:
1.On the object list page, click the advanced search icon 
 next to the Search button. 1.
2.Select an attribut e  from the fir s t drop-down list. 2.
3.Select a comparator from the second drop-down list.3.
4.If applicable, enter a value in the input field. 4.
This could mean typing text for integers and strings, selecting  from a drop-down list, or selecting  a
date from a calendar. There is no third field  for boolean (true/false) input types.
5.Click the ” Add c ondition”  icon 
 . 5.
6.Repeat steps 2 through 5 if you want to add more search expressions.6.
7.If you have multiple  search expressions, select whether the query should match Any or All search 7.
expressions.See also: 
You can also save your search criteria to use later. See Saved searches  (on page 365) for details.  
Notes on search terms 
▪Some fields  can only match a list of restricted values. Fields with restricted values are presented in ▪
drop-down menus.
▪Search attribut es  that are built-in / shipped and use the !!! tags cannot be searched on using the ▪
displayed values for these attribut es  and may only be searched on using the tag name.
▪If a search term is invalid (for example, a required comparison method or search value is missing),▪
then that term will be removed and will not be included in the advanced search.
▪If a search attribut e  (such as an optional  pr ofile  attribut e  for example) does not have a value de fined, ▪
then that search attribut e  will not appear in the advanced search results when using comparison
methods such as: ”is less than”, ”is less than or equal to”, ”is greater than”, and ”is greater than or
equal to”. For this case, the ”is empty” comparator must also be specified.
Con figur ation  notes
▪The number of matches displayed is limited to 10,000 by default. If there are more matches, Bravura ▪
Security Fabric  warns users to r e fine  their search criteria. You can change this limit by modifying
Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > SEARCH MAX RESULTS .
▪You can change the default options  for Records per page by modifying Manage the system  > Modules ▪
> Options  > RECORDS PER PAGE LIST .
RECORDS PER PAGE must be one of the values in RECORDS PER PAGE LIST . For example; the default
RECORDS PER PAGE LIST is 10, 20, 50, 100 and the default RECORDS PER PAGE is 20. This provides 20
records per page and the option  to show 10, 20, 50 or 100 search result records per page.
▪The pr ofile  and request attribut es  option  Allow in advanced search criteria controls whether or not ▪
the attribut e  shows in the advanced search attribut e  list. See De fining  pr ofile  and request attribut es
(on page 1270).▪‘ORGCHART_MANAGER’ is not included in the list of pr ofile  attribut es  listed in Advanced search . Use ▪
‘Direct manager’ and ‘Direct and indirect managers’ instead.
Regular users can normally use advanced search c apabilities  to find e xisting  users on request pages.
By default, if Bravura Security Fabric finds  more than one match for the search terms, it displays a list and
allows the requester to make a selection.
You can disable this behavior if you want to prevent Bravura Security Fabric from displaying a list of users
or accounts, and if you want Bravura Security Fabric to only match on exact search terms. To disable
advanced search c apabilities,  enable the following options  in Manage the system  > Modules  > Options :
▪<IDR > and update pr ofile  (IDR) >  IDR DISABLE ACCOUNT SEARCH ▪
▪View and update pr ofile  > and update pr ofile  (IDR) >  IDR DISABLE USER SEARCH ▪
▪<REQ> >  IDP DISABLE USER SEARCH ▪
▪<REQ> > IDS DISABLE USER SEARCH▪
▪<REQ> >  IDV DISABLE USER SEARCH ▪
Saved searches
If you have a lot of records to search through, and you complete the same search regularly, you may find
it useful to save your own filt er s  as a saved search and re-use it.
There are many cases where users can do a search, save it, then re-use it either to find s tuff  again quickly,
or in terms of controlling other business logic, such as being able to easily find:
▪Target systems of a certain type▪
▪Subordinates of a user▪
▪Users in a certain department▪
▪Users of a certain team▪
Types of saved search
Saved searches can be:
▪My Searches : Users can create saved searches from the user interface. My saved searches cannot be ▪
shared across users.
▪Searches : Product administrators can use plugin to create saved searches. Searches can be shared for ▪
all users.
Saved search logic
Saved searches are shared across all engines that derived from the same base engine; for example, saved
searches for accounts are shared across all engines that derived from the account base engine class.
Saved search works with advanced search. Any search engine that supports advanced search will support
saved searches except for some (older style) advanced search pages in the Manage reports (RPT)
module. In addition,  saved search that are shared across engines will be disabled if the criteria within the
saved search is missing in the engine; for example, if one account engine can search on First Name andanother cannot, then any saved search containing First Name will be disabled on the second engine. This
functionality  works the same for criteria that have been removed from the system entir ely;  for example,
pr ofile  attribut es  and resource attribut es.
The pr e-de fined  label ”Everything” is the default for all search engines that support saved searched.
When a user selects another saved search and then switches back to ”Everything”, all results will be
returned in the page.
Cr eating  and deleting  My Searches
To save an advanced search query:
1.On the object list page, click the advanced search icon 
  next to the Search button. 1.
2.Enter your search criteria.2.
See Advanced searching  (on page 363) for details.
3.Click the ” Add c ondition”  icon 
 . 3.
4.Click the ”Save search” 
 icon. 4.
5.Enter a name for the new search.5.
6.Click Create . 6.
Once it is saved, you will see it from the saved search drop-down list in the My Searches section.
You can delete your saved search at any time  by clicking the saved search drop-down list and clicking
the ”trash can” icon 
  on the right of the saved search. You will be prompted to c on firm  the deletion.Cr eating  and deleting  Searches
Product administrators can use a plugin program to add or remove saved searches for users, based on
the type of search engine. See Con figur e  saved search plugin  (on page 1123) for details on how to write
and c on figur e  this plugin.
Example: General usage of saved search
The following examples demonstrate how users can create a saved search, delete a saved search as well
as add more filt er s  to an e xisting  saved search and save as a new saved search.
Create a saved search 
To create a saved search:
1.As an end user, from the main menu , click View and update pr ofile  under Other users . 1.
2.On the Users  page, click the advanced search icon 
  next to the Search button. 2.3.Create some search filt er s. 3.
4.Click Save search and enter a name for saved search. 4.5.Click Create . 5.
The saved search named User name contains psadmin is created.
 Delete a saved search 
To delete a saved search:
1.As an end user, from the main menu , click View and update pr ofile  under Other users . 1.
2.Select the drop-down list and click the ”trash can” icon 
 . 2.
3.Click the OK button. 3.
The save search is deleted.
 Modify a saved search 
To add more filt er s  to an e xisting  saved search and save as a new saved search:
1.As an end user, from the main menu  click View and update pr ofile  under Other users . 1.
2.Select a saved search.2.