Implementing  network resource management
Network resource management allows users to request access to network resources for themselves or
others without the need to understand the underlying security infrastructure. In Bravura Security Fabric ,
network resource management is provided by Bravura Group .
Bravura Group  manages diff er en t  types of resources using connectors and programs shipped with
Connector Pack  in the agent directory:
▪The nrsmb program binds Bravura Group  to a specific  resource whose access is mediated by ▪
membership in a group on a Legacy Activ e  Directory target system. These resources include shares,
folders, printers, and mail dis tribution  lists.
▪The nrcifs program binds Bravura Group  to a specific  resource whose access is mediated by ▪
membership in a group on an Activ e  Directory DN target system. These resources include shares,
folders, printers, and mail dis tribution  lists.
▪The nrshrpt program binds Bravura Group  to a specific  resource managed by a SharePoint ▪
Resource target system. Micr osoft  Office  SharePoint Server resources include sites and documents.
In general, the process for gaining access to a Windows shared folder is as follows:
1.A Network Administrator creates a shared folder on the target system.1.
2.A Network Administrator grants permissions, using groups, to control access to the shared folder.2.
3.A target system is c on figur ed  to manage network resources. 3.
4.A user (requester) logs into the Bravura Security Fabric  web applic ation  and selects the network 4.
resources link.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a search page.
5.The user selects the share that he wants to view.5.
The nrsmb or nrcifs program gathers initial  in f ormation  about the share and displays a tree view
of the folders in the selected share.
6.The user browses for and selects a folder where access is desired.6.
The nrsmb or nrcifs program gathers additional  in f ormation  about the share and displays a list
of groups that have privileges on the share as well as the groups’ owners and read / write privileges.
7.The user selects a group to join and submits the request.7.
Bravura Security Fabric  enters the request into the authoriz ation  w orkflo w .
8.The W orkflo w  Manager Service routes the request to the selected group owner for authoriz ation. 8.
9. After  authoriz ation  is complete the T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs a connector program that adds 9.
the user to the selected group on the target system.
When users are granted membership in a group they are granted access to all the resources that the
group has permission to access. Likewise, taking away users’ access to a particular  resource results in the
users losing their membership in the group that was providing the access, and losing access to all the
resources the group has permission to access.
The Bravura Group  network resource management feature works with the following components:Components Purpose
View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module Empowers users to request access to resources.
Help users (IDA) module Allows help desk users to make changes to users’
access.
Requests app Enables users to view the status of their requests.
W orkflo w  Manager Service Receives requests for authoriz ation  w orkflo w .
Shell Extension for slow or distant topologies
The Shell Extension  (on page 3528) provides an alt ernativ e  method of managing network resources. It
works in c onjunction  with Bravura Group  to allow e fficien t  access to protected network resources. It is
recommended for implemen t ations  where the network infrastructure is non-simplistic  or there are
shares located far away from Bravura Security Fabric .
Once installed, the Shell Extension is embedded into the oper ating  system. Instead of logging into
Bravura Group , r equesting  access is as simple as a right-click or double click on the protected resource.
Setting  up network resource management
In order to implement network resource management using Bravura Group :
1.Prepare the resource on the external target system.1.
See Preparing resources on target systems  (on page 2483) for more in f ormation.
2.Add the target system that mediates access to the resource.2.
Set the Managed group/Network resource target system type option  to the appropriate value.
See Setting  up target systems for resource management  (on page 2483) for more in f ormation.
3.Add the network resource to Bravura Group . 3.
See Network resources  (on page 575) for more in f ormation.
4.Manage groups.4.
You can manually select which groups you want managed, or allow Bravura Group  to select them for
you.
See Groups  (on page 585) for more in f ormation.
5. Con figur e  additional  features and settings. 5.
See Network management resource options  (on page 2491) for more in f ormation.Preparing resources on target systems
All shared resources to which users are going to request access must be correctly c on figur ed  on the
target system. Bravura Group ’s ability to successfully control access to the resources depends heavily on
how the resources are c on figur ed  on the target system.
Some thought must be given to planning how many groups need to be created and what resources they
will have permission to access, so that adding/removing a user’s membership in a group provides them
with the exact access to network resources that they need. To provide access to resources on a resource
by resource basis, you need to create a group for each resource.
In general, you must do the following:
1.Create groups with appropriate permissions to control access to the resources that are going to be1.
managed by Bravura Group .
2.Ensure that each group has an owner (recommended).2.
Bravura Group  can use group owners as authorizers for requests to join the group. See Groups  (on
page 585) for more in f ormation.
3.Ensure that all resources to be managed have the correct groups assigned to them.3.
See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for details on setting  up target systems for network resource
management.
Setting  up target systems for network resource management
This section  describes c on figur ation  requirements for target systems that support network resource
management in Bravura Security Fabric .
Con figur ation  notes for Legacy Activ e  Directory
For a resource whose access is mediated by membership in Activ e  Directory groups, ensure that the
target system is c on figur ed  as follows:
Setting Value
Target type Legacy Activ e  Directory
Manage group / Network
resource target system
typeSMB Protocol for Legacy Activ e  Directory
Target address For a share / folder, this is the domain where the share is published. You set the
path to individual shares when you add resources.
For a printer, this is the print server or domain where printers are published.
For a mail dis tribution  list, this is the domain where dis tribution  groups are stored.Con figur ation  notes for Activ e  Directory DN
For a resource whose access is mediated by membership in Activ e  Directory DN groups, ensure that the
target system is c on figur ed  as follows:
Setting Value
Target type Activ e  Directory DN
Manage group / Network
resource target system
typeSMB Protocol for Activ e  Directory DN
Target address For a share / folder, this is the domain where the share is published. You set the
path to individual shares when you add resources.
For a printer, this is the print server or domain where printers are published.
For a mail dis tribution  list, this is the domain where dis tribution  groups are stored.
Con figur ation  notes for SharePoint
For a resource whose access is mediated by membership in SharePoint resources, ensure that the target
system is c on figur ed  as follows:
Setting Value
Target type SharePointServer
Manage group / Network
resource target system typeSharePointResource
Target address Main URL of the site, followed by a colon, then the port number, a slash,
and the site name. For example:
http://sharepoint1:2427/site1/site2/
See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for further details on setting  up target systems for network
resource management.
Use cases and examples
Request access to a folder (multiple  groups)
This use case demonstrates the process a user would follow to request access to a shared Sales folder.
The user could request access to the appropriate group that would provide them access to the folder,
however, in most instances, a user would not know which group that would be. An alt ernativ e  is to set up
network resources and allow the user to request access to the shared folder. Bravura Group  will do the
work in the background to enable the access.
Before a user can request access to the Sales folder, the following is required:
▪A folder named Sales is shared on a Micr osoft  Windows file server. ▪▪Groups have been used on the share to apply security, and those groups are managed by Bravura ▪
Security Fabric .
▪An Activ e  Directory DN target has been added, and is c on figur ed  to manage network resources. ▪
▪ Authoriz ation  has been set on the groups. ▪
▪The share is added to Bravura Group  as a network resource. ▪
To request access to the Sales folder:
1.From the main menu, click Request access to network resources in the My pr ofile  section. 1.
2.Click Shares/Folders . 2.
3.Select the Mark eting  folder. 3.
4.Click the search 
  icon next to the folder that you want to access. 4.
The groups that have privileges to that folder appear on the right hand side.
5.Select the check box to join a group to access the Sales folder.5.
You could c ontinue  to select more folders/groups that you want to access.
Best pr actice Although you can select multiple  groups that have access to the same
folder, the best pr actice  is to choose correct privileges by selecting  one
group. This can be forced, as shown in Use case: R equesting  access to a
folder (single group)  (on page 2486).
6.If required, type Requester notes . 6.
Requester notes are required if the IDR REQUIRES REASON NEWREQUEST option  is enabled.
7.Click Complete . 7.
8.Click OK to c on firm  the request. 8.
Bravura Security Fabric  enters the request into the authoriz ation  w orkflo w .
The W orkflo w  Manager Service routes the request to the selected group owner for authoriz ation.  After
authoriz ation  is complete the T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs a connector program that adds the userto the selected groups on the target system and the user will have access to the Sales and Public
R elations  folders.
Request access to a folder (single group)
This use case demonstrates the process a user would follow to request access to a shared Public
R elations  folder.
A network resource has been set up to allow the user to request access to the shared Public R elations
folder. By default, a user can request access to several groups at a time.  In this use case however, the IDR
NETWORK RESOURCE SELECT ONE GROUP system variable has been enabled, r es tricting  the users to
r equesting  access to one group at a time.  In this case, the user can choose between a group that has
read-only access or read and write access.
Before a user can request access to the Public R elations  folder, the following is required:
▪A folder named Public R elations  is shared on a Micr osoft  Windows file server. ▪
▪Groups have been used on the share to apply security, and those groups are managed by Bravura ▪
Security Fabric .
▪An Activ e  Directory DN target has been added, and is c on figur ed  to manage network resources. ▪
▪ Authoriz ation  has been set on the groups. ▪
▪The share is added to Bravura Group  as a network resource. ▪
Configur e  the IDR NETWORK RESOURCE SELECT ONE GROUP system variable
1.Log in to the front-end as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > View and update pr ofile  (IDR) . 2.
3.Enable the I DR NETWORK RESOURCE SELECT ONE GROUP  variable. 3.
Enabling this variable will restrict the users to r equesting  one group/resource at a time.
4.Click Update . 4.
To request access to the Public R elations  folder:
1.From the main menu, click Request access to network resources in the My pr ofile  section. 1.
2.Click Shares/Folders . 2.
3.Select the Mark eting  folder. 3.4.Click the Public R elations  folder. 4.
The groups that provide the privileges to the Public R elations  folder are listed on the right hand side.
5.If required, type Requester notes . 5.
Requester notes are required if the IDR REQUIRES REASON NEWREQUEST option  is enabled.
6.Click Request in the appropriate group row. 6.
Bravura Security Fabric  enters the request to join this group into the authoriz ation  w orkflo w .
Joining this group will provide the user with read and write access to the Public R elations  folder.
The W orkflo w  Manager Service routes the request to the selected group owner for authoriz ation.  After
authoriz ation  is complete the T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs a connector program that adds the user
to the selected group on the target system and the user will have access to the Pubic R elations  folder.
Request access to documents in SharePoint
This use case demonstrates the process a user would follow to request access to a document library in
SharePoint.
Before a user can be granted access to a document library in SharePoint, the following is required:
▪A document library has been created in Windows SharePoint.▪
▪At least one document exists in the document library.▪▪Users have at least read privileges to the SharePoint site. In this use case, the ”domain users” Activ e ▪
Directory group has been added to the SharePoint Visitors group.
▪The Visitors, Members, and Owners SharePoint groups all have owners.▪
▪A SharePoint target has been added to Bravura Security Fabric , and is c on figur ed  to manage ▪
SharePoint network resources.
▪The document library is added to Bravura Security Fabric  as a network resource. ▪
To request access to the document library:
1.From the main menu, click Request access to network resources in the My pr ofile  section. 1.
The Request access to network resources page appears.
2.Click Documents . 2.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays available document libraries on the right hand section.
3.Select the document library in the right hand section. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays available resources in the document library.You can click the 
  icon next to the various folders to view privileges.
4.Click the 
  icon next to Documents . 4.
The privileges are displayed on the right hand side.5.Select a group that gives you the privileges you want.5.
6.If required, type Requester notes . 6.
Requester notes are required if the IDR REQUIRES REASON NEWREQUEST option  is enabled.
7.Click Complete . 7.
Bravura Security Fabric  enters the request into the authoriz ation  w orkflo w .
The W orkflo w  Manager Service routes the request to the selected group owner for authoriz ation.  After
authoriz ation  is complete the T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs a connector program that adds the user
to the selected group on the target system and the user will have access to the Sales folder.