Setting Type Description
Allow duplicate values String, Integer, User Determine whether the values for a
multi- v alued  attribut e  must be
unique. This does not apply to
single-valued attribut es.
Sent in emails All except Password and File Pr ofile  and request attribut es  can be
included or excluded from the
in f ormation  sent in email
notific ations.
Allow for pr ofile  comparison All except Password and File Pr ofile  and request attribut es  can be
included or excluded from the Pr ofile
comparison page. These attribut es
cannot be encrypted in the
database.
Allow for authentic ation  chains String, Integer, Password, Da t e/time Pr ofile  and request attribut es  can be
used in authentic ation  chain
c on figur ation.  This is enabled for the
EMAIL attribut e  by default. It is
currently used only for the
Email/SMS PIN authentic ation
module.
Only use for requests (do not apply
to a user pr ofile)All Determine whether the attribut e’ s
values are only used in the context
of a request, and are not saved with
the user’s pr ofile.  For example, the
built-in VIEWABLE BY RECIPIENT is
used to determine whether a
request is hidden from the recipient.
Editable only on request cr eation All Allow or disallow changes to the
attribut e  value after  request
cr eation.
Track changes All except File Changes to pr ofile  and request
attribut e  values can be tracked. The
tracked changes are viewable as part
of each user’s pr ofile  history.
You can also c on figur e  the idtrack
program to execute a variety of
provisioning actions  aut omatic ally .
Users must verify and c on firm  the
valueString, Integer, Password
(recommended)Require users to re-type the value in
a second text box. For example, you
might want to set this option  for
password-type attribut es,  where
users can’t see what they are typing.Setting Type Description
Changes made will invalidate
authoriz ationsAll If an authorizer changes an attribut e
value, any previous authoriz ations  of
a request are invalidated. Other
authorizers are notified  and need to
re-authorize the request.
This is useful where an attribut e
change can be a security issue; for
example, if a security level attribut e
is set to a value of 2, and an
authorizer changes the value to 1,
the original request should be
invalidated.
Allow in advanced search criteria All Pr ofile  and request attribut es  can be
included or excluded from the
Advanced search.
This does not a ff ect  the advanced
search page for the main  Pr ofile  and
request attribut es  menu.
Display in reports All Allow or disallow the attribut e  values
to be displayed in reports. This is
enabled by default.
Map to vCard property All Map pr ofile  and request attribut es  to
commonly used vCard pr operties
Notes All Help in f ormation  for the attribut e.
Once set, it will be available in
wizards by hovering over the
question  mark icon.
Description  of input values String, Memo, Integer, Password, File This is displayed to users to show
them how to enter values for the
attribut e.  For example, type YYYY-
MM-DD for a Date of birth field.
Format requirement of input values String, Password, File For example, type NNNN-NN-NN to
indicate a series of numbers.
Regular expression used for
v alidation  of input valuesString, Memo, Integer, Password If you use a regular expression for
v alidation  the Description  of input
values is required.Setting Type Description
Restricted values are c ase-sensitiv e String, Integer The restricted values entered will
maintain their case. Default behavior
is to uppercase all Actual values
entered. When c on figuring  da t e/
time  attribut es
(PREFERRED_DATEFORMAT and
PREFERRED_TIMEFORMAT), ensure
that they are c ase-sensitiv e.
Plugin used to generate a list of
restricted valuesString, Integer You can use a plugin to supply one or
more restricted values for an
attribut e.  Leave this field  blank to
de fine  restricted values manually..
Parent attribut e String, Integer You can use a plugin to supply one or
more restricted values for an
attribut e.  Leave this field  blank to
de fine  restricted values manually.
Display text for positiv e  value Boolean The default is True .
Display text for neg ativ e  value Boolean The default is False .
Display text for no value Boolean The default is (None) .
Default values String, Integer, Boolean Attribut es  can be set up with default
values, so that unless a user
intervenes and changes them, the
default values are entered with a
request then copied to the newly
created account.
If you de fine  restricted values for the
attribut e,  you can select them from a
drop-down list for this option.Setting Type Description
Inherit v alidation  enforcement from
attribut e  groupAll Leave this enabled if you want the
attribut e  to inherit v alidation
enforcement rules from the attribut e
group to which it belongs.
▪If you clear this checkbox, you▪
must set the rule for the
attribut e:
▪Enforce v alidation  when cr eating ▪
new accounts – Enable this if new
account requests can only
proceed if a correctly f ormatted
value is entered for this attribut e.
▪ V alidation  behavior when ▪
updating  e xisting  accounts –
Determine whether Bravura
Security Fabric  should always
validate the value for this
attribut e  before proceeding with
a request, or only if the value has
been modified.
Encrypt this attribut e  in the
databaseAll except User, Managed system,
Discovered system, Manageable
accountEnable this to encrypt attribut e
values in the database. If encrypted,
the attribut e  cannot be used in
advanced search criteria, mapped to
an account attribut e,  or used in
pr ofile  comparisons. Encrypted
attribut e  values are masked in
reports. Certific ation  reviewers must
have appropriate permission to view
encrypted attribut e  vaules;
otherwise they are masked.
The Description , Description  of input values , Format requirement of input values , and Regular
expression used for validation  of input values fields  can accept custom text macros. If a custom macro
has been c onfigured  for the Description , Description  of input values and/or Format requirement of input
values fields,  a second text field  will appear on this page detailing the value which will be displayed to the
user.
Boolean values
Boolean attribut es  require users to select a true or false value. The default choices displayed to end users
are True or False , or (None) if the attribut e  is optional.
To specify other values:
1.On the Pr ofile  and request attribut e  in f ormation  (on page 1269)  page, type a text string for: 1.▪Display text for positiv e  value ▪
▪Display text for neg ativ e  value ▪
▪Display text for no value▪
2.Set the Default values . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
When you click Update , the default values text will change to r e flect  the values you specified.   
See also: 
See Entering multi-languag e  descriptions  (on page 361) for in f ormation  about using multi-languag e
display text.
Number of values required or allowed
The number of values required or allowed is set by the Minimum required numberof values and
Maximum allowed number of values on the Pr ofile  and request attribut e  in f ormation  page.
▪If the attribut e  is required for a request to be complete, type a number greater than 0 in the ▪
Minimum required number of values field.
▪If more than one value can be entered, type a number greater than 1 to set a Maximum allowed ▪
number of values , or type -1 to allow an in finit e  number of values.
This number can only be set to a positive  number or -1; 0 is invalid.
This means that when users update attribut es,  they will be presented with a More button  that
displays additional  fields  for this attribut e.
Only string and integer attribut e  types can have more than 1 value. The boolean, da t e/time,  memo,
and password attribut e  types can only have one value.
A value for a required attribut e  can be provided at any stage of the request process. That is, an authorizer
with assigned rights can enter in f ormation,  such as salary or Social Security Number, to which the
requester does not have access. Con figur e  access controls  (on page 706) to determine which users can
view or edit certain attribut es.
If requesters do not have write permissions to a required attribut e,  then authorizers must enter a value
for the attribut e.  If not, the request will be aut omatic ally  denied.If an attribut e  that is not enabled for comparison requires a value then the requester is brought to the
recipient’s Pr ofile  in f ormation  page. There the requester can enter the required value.
Maximum length
You can restrict the maximum length of a pr ofile  and request attribut e  value by using the Maximum field
length setting  on the Pr ofile  and request attribut e  in f ormation  page.
For multiple  … Maximum length refers to …
Restricted values Maximum length allowed for each value
Unrestricted values Total number of characters allowed in the text field  for the attribut e
vCard pr operties
When at least one pr ofile  and request attribut e  is mapped to a vCard property, users can view pr ofile
in f ormation  as a vCard contact record.
Bravura Security Fabric  includes links on pr ofile  in f ormation  pages to Download pr ofile  as vCard , and
Scan pr ofile  as QR Code .Below is an example of a vCard contact record, saved as a .vcf file:
BEGIN:VCARD 
VERSION:3.0 
FN:John Doe 
EMAIL:doejo@example.net 
ADR:;;1401 1st Street SE;Calgary;AB;T2G 2J3;Canada 
BDAY:1987-07-23 06:00:00 
TEL;TYPE=CELL:403-555-4535 
ORG:Bravura Security 
TEL;TYPE=FAX:403-555-2545 
FN:John Doe 
N:Doe;John 
NICKNAME:Johnny 
NOTE:Contractor until 2015-12-31 
TEL;TYPE=HOME:403-555-6543 
TITLE:Developer 
URL:http://www.bravurasecurity.com 
TEL;TYPE=WORK:403-555-6541 
END:VCARD 
Below is an example of pr ofile  as QR Code:Users can also add contact records directly into the nativ e  contacts lists for both Android and iOS mobile
devices from the Download pr ofile  as vCard link when accessed from the Bravura One  app.
From the Bravura One  app, navigate to the Pr ofile  in f ormation  and entitlemen ts  page for a user and then
click Download pr ofile  as vCard . The contact record will be added to the nativ e  contacts lists for the
Android or iOS mobile device.
See also: 
See Mobile Access  (on page 1444) for more in f ormation  about Bravura One  and the Bravura One  app.
Restricted values
You can supply one or more restricted values  for an integer or string type attribut e.
When multiple  restricted values are supplied for an attribut e,  users select one or more of the values from
a list when they make a request.
You can c on figur e  the values:
▪Manually using the Manage the system  (PSA) module  (on page 1280) ▪
▪Using the attrfixedval program to load fix ed  values  (on page 1280) ▪▪Using a plugin to generate them dynamically  (on page 1284) ▪
De fining  restricted values manually
To manually de fine  restricted values:
1.Add the attribut e  using the Pr ofile  and request attribut e  in f ormation  page. It is not necessary to give 1.
a value for Plugin used to generate a list of restricted values .
The Restricted values tab appears once the attribut e  has been created.
2.In the Restricted values tab, type the Actual value , to be recorded in the database and pot entially  be 2.
written  out to target systems, and Displayed value , to be shown to users. The actual value will be
stored uppercase unless the Restricted values are c ase-sensitiv e  option  is selected.
To add additional  values, click More or Update to add rows.
3.Click Update when you have added all values. 3.
To delete a restricted value, select the check box next to the value then click Update .
You can sort values alphabetic ally  according to actual value or displayed value.
If actual values contain the sequence !!! , Bravura Security Fabric will treat them as macros and expand
them according to the skin being used. The actual values applied in this case will be diff eren t  from what is
defined  in the attribut e  c onfiguration.  This will lead to the values being rejected, due to restricted list
mismatch. The !!! sequence must therefore be avoided in actual values. If loc aliz ation  is required,
specify the macro tag in the displayed value instead.
Loading restricted values from an external source
Values can be extracted from an external source and loaded into Bravura Security Fabric . The
attrfixedval  program is used to load or update values that are s t atic;  that is, do not change during
the course of a request. attrfixedval also allows you to manipulate the display values which
correspond to the s t atic  restricted values.
Updating  the list of restricted values for an attribut e  using batch loading can be useful where the values
can vary over time;  for example, seasonal employment, or academic schedules.
See attrfixedval usage
Use the attrfixedval program to obtain and set restricted values of pr ofile  and request attribut es.
Usage
attrfixedval.exe <Action>
where <Action>  is one of:
Option Description
add <attrk e y>  <value>[<viewable value>] Add <value>/<viewable value> as a restricted value to attribut e  <attrk e y>.
-delete <attrk e y>  <value> Delete restricted value <value> from attribut e  <attrk e y>.
-deleteall <attrk e y> Delete all restricted values from attribut e  <attrk e y>.