▪N = ceil(1 + [3111]∕[54000]) ▪
▪N = ceil(1.0576) ▪
▪N = 2 ▪
 See also: 
▪Installing with a Shared Schema  (on page 229) ▪
▪Recovery▪
Optional  local agents and services
Optional  local agents and services
Add-on Description
 Password Change Notific ation
ModuleWhen Bravura Pass  is licensed, intercepts nativ e  password changes and
propagates them to the Bravura Security Fabric server for policy v alidation
and to initia t e  transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
The Interceptor DLL can be installed on a Windows 201x domain
controller.
 Local W ork s t ation  Service
(hipamlws )Manages local password resets for Bravura Privilege , secures
c ommunic ation  between Bravura Privilege  server and the managed
resource, and provides load balancing.
The softw ar e  is installed on Windows resources. For details see Managed
systems  (on page 1815).
IBM OS/400 exit program Intercepts password changes on OS/400 and propagates them to the
Bravura Pass  server for policy v alidation  and to initia t e  transparent
s ynchr oniz ation.
Unix listener Secures c ommunic ation  between the <FABRIC > server and a Unix server
when a secure protocol, such as SSH, is not available.
The softw ar e  is installed on supported fla v or s  of Unix. For details see the
Connector Pack Documen t ation .
Mainframe Connector Secures c ommunic ation  between the Bravura Security Fabric server and
OS/390s.
The softw ar e  is installed on the OS/390. This agent is sold separately from
Bravura Security Fabric and is available as a separate download. For details
see Mainframe Connector Documen t ation .2 Installing database and database client softw ar e
Bravura Security Fabric  requires an external database backend to store its data. You must have a working
ins t allation  of one of the supported database management systems before you can install Bravura
Security Fabric .
This chapter lists the supported database management systems, and outlines the c onsider ations  for
selecting  the most appropriate “ edition”  (enterprise or express) for your or g aniz ation.  This chapter also
provides guidance about how to c on figur e  supported database management systems to work with
Bravura Security Fabric .
Supported database management systems
Bravura Security Fabric  works with any of the following database management systems:
▪ Micr osoft  SQL Server 2019 ▪
▪ Micr osoft  SQL Server 2017 ▪
▪ Micr osoft  SQL Server 2016 SP2 ▪
▪ Micr osoft  SQL Server 2014 SP3 ▪
Both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of these databases will work.
The Compatibility  level on the Microsoft  SQL Server database must be set to a minimum value of SQL
Server 2014 (120) .
If you are installing SQL Server R eporting  Service (SSRS) to use the Analytics  ensure the server is not a
Domain Controller.
Express editions  should only be used for e v aluation  purposes. Bravura Security  strongly recommends that,
whenever possible, you use an enterprise or standard edition,  rather than the express database edition.
Database I/O performance on a virtualized file system; for example, VMDK or equivalent, is slow. If the
database server softw ar e  runs on a VM, please use a fast, nearby NAS or SAN to store the actual data
files.
Clustered backend databases can lose data during or after  cluster failover. Bravura Security  recommends
using Bravura Security Fabric’s applic ation-le vel  replic ation  rather than clustered databases whenever
possible. If your company policy requires the use of clustered databases, have database cluster nodes
available as close as possible on the network to the Bravura Security Fabric nodes to target directly. See
Installing with a shared schema  (on page 229) for setting  up the Bravura Security Fabric nodes in shared
schema.
Installing database client softw ar e
Bravura Security Fabric  requires a database client in order to connect to the Micr osoft  SQL Server. At a
minimum, the following drivers must be installed before installing Bravura Security Fabric :
▪Either Micr osoft  SQL Server 2008 Nativ e  Client or Micr osoft  SQL Server 2012 Nativ e  Client ▪▪ Micr osoft  OLE DB Driver 19 for SQL Server ▪
You must install Micr osoft  Visual C++ 2015 Redistributable (x64 and x86 versions) as a pre-requisite
Depending on the version of Micr osoft  SQL Server, these drivers may already be installed provided that
"Client Tools Connectivity"  was selected during setup. Otherwise, obtain and install these drivers from
the official  Micr osoft  website.
To verify if you system has the correct OLE DB Driver installed, click the Windows Start icon and open the
system settings  "Apps and Features" category. Scroll down the list to find the "Microsoft  OLE DB Driver 19
for SQL Server" program. If it does not appear in your list, then it still needs to be downloaded and
installed.
If you decide to install Bravura Security Fabric  on a system that is diff er en t  than the database, you do not
need to install Micr osoft  SQL Server, however you will still need to install the required database client
drivers.
Where to install the softw ar e
Bravura Security Fabric  can be installed on the same server as the database, or on a separate server.
If Bravura Security Fabric  is installed on physical hardware, deploying the database on the same server
can have the following advantages:
▪Reduce total hardware cost.▪
▪The same performance will be achieved, assuming the database server meets the minimum▪
requirements for the database product.
By default, the Microsoft  database engine will only use one CPU core, due to license res trictions  – the
ability to use more CPU cores costs more money.
▪Network latency between Bravura Security Fabric  and the Database Management Server (DBMS) is ▪
reduced to zero.
▪The backup process can be simplified  by taking a snapshot of the complete server, as opposed to ▪
making separate backups of multiple  servers. This makes the restore process much simpler.
▪Both Micr osoft  SQL Server and Bravura Security Fabric  require a Windows server as their host ▪
oper ating  system.
If Bravura Security Fabric  and the DBMS are installed on a virtual machine, ensure the database is
deployed on a disk with high-speed I/0 (not a vmdk file).
Note that two or more Bravura Security Fabric  instance nodes may share database schema. See Installing
with a Shared Schema  (on page 229) for more in f ormation.
Installing and c on figuring  Micr osoft  SQL Server
This section  provides basic ins tructions  for use with a Micr osoft  SQL Server  database and the
corresponding client softw ar e.  These ins tructions  are based on a "standard” c on figur ation.  If you want to
use a non-standard c on figur ation,  or if you experience errors, consult the documen t ation  provided with
the SQL Server  softw ar e.When setting  up SQL Server , avoid using non-alphanumeric characters in your server name, users’
passwords, or in any other names (instance, database, schema).
Overview for setting  up Micr osoft  SQL Server
The following is an overview of required and optional  tasks for setting  up Micr osoft  SQL Server  to work
with Bravura Security Fabric . The tasks are detailed in the sections  that follow.
Bravura Security  recommends the enterprise version of Microsoft  SQL Server for a production  ins t allation.
The express version should only be used for e valuation  purposes.
Read Supported database management systems  (on page 172) and Where to install the softw ar e  to
determine appropriate version for your or g aniz ation.
To set up Micr osoft  SQL Server  :
1.Install the SQL Server softw ar e  (on page 174) if you haven’t already. 1.
2.Gather in f ormation  about your database server that will be required during Security Fabric ins t allation 2.
(on page 176).
3. Optional:  Create a dedicated database, user, and schema  (on page 178). 3.
You can allow Bravura Security Fabric  setup to do this for you, as described in Using setup to create
a new dedicated database user.
4. Optional:  Create a dedicated report database user  (on page 181). 4.
You can allow Bravura Security Fabric  setup to do this for you, as described in SSRS settings .
5. Optional:  Remove public/guest permissions  (on page 189). 5.
6.If you will be using multiple  Bravura Security Fabric  instances or servers (r eplic ation),  read Working 6.
with multiple  ins t allations  (on page 191) for additional  c onsider ations
Ensure you follow Microsoft’ s  best practic e  guide when setting  up your SQL server.
Installing Micr osoft  SQL Server
It is recommended that you install Micr osoft  SQL Server  on Windows Server 2012 R2, 2016 or 2019.
1.Install Micr osoft  SQL Server  with the following settings: 1.
▪Feature Selections ▪
▪Database Engine Services▪
▪ Optional:  R eporting  Services - Nativ e ▪
This feature is a requirement to use the Analytics  app.
▪Client Tools Connectivity ▪
▪Management Tools - Basic▪
▪Management Tools - Complete▪
If the footprint of Client Tools Connectivity  and the Management Tools sets is too large, the
minimum requirement on the applic ation  node is the SQL Server Nativ e  Client (sqlncli).Installing SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) on the applic ation  node is strongly
recommended for applic ation  database tr oubleshooting.  SSMS can be installed on another
server, but this would make the applic ation  database tr oubleshooting  harder.
▪Server Con figur ation ▪
▪SQL Server Agent NT AUTHORITY \SYSTEM (not available in Micr osoft  SQL Server Express E dition ) ▪
▪SQL Server Database Engine NT AUTHORITY \SYSTEM ▪
▪SQL Server Browser NT AUTHORITY \LOCAL SYSTEM ▪
▪SQL Server R eporting  Services NT SERVICE \ReportServer ▪(Only available if you chose to install reporting  services)
▪Startup Type Aut omatic  for all services ▪
The server c ollation  type must be SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CI_A S,  and the database c ollation  type
must be set to Latin1_General_BIN  when the database is created later.
▪Database Engine Con figur ation  Mixed Mode (SQL Server authentic ation  and Windows ▪
authentic ation).
Enter and c on firm  the password. Optionally ,  you can specify SQL Server Administrators, which use
Windows authentic ation  to manage SQL Server.
2.If you chose to install reporting  services , click Install and c on figur e  on the R eporting  Services 2.
Con figur ation  page.
This removes the need for the SSRS post ins t allation  steps.
If you are installing SQL Server R eporting  Service (SSRS) to use the Analytics  ensure the server is not a
Domain Controller.
3.Verify the features to be installed on the Ready to install page. 3.
4.Click Install . 4.
Consult Microsoft’ s  documen t ation  for detailed ins t allation  ins tructions.   
Next:
▪Gather in f ormation  needed for Fabric ins t allation  (on page 176). ▪
▪If you decide to install SQL Server R eporting  Services after  installing SQL Server, complete SSRS pos t - ▪
ins t allation  steps  (on page 177).
SQL Server in f ormation  required for Bravura Security Fabric ins t allation
You need the following in f ormation  about your SQL Server database before installing Bravura Security
Fabric :
▪IP address or DNS name of the server that SQL Server  is installed on. ▪
You should verify that you can reach this address from the machine that will host Bravura Security
Fabric .
For Micr osoft  SQL Server Express E dition  this is usually localhost .
▪SQL Server  instance name. ▪
Typically, SQL Server  is installed in the default instance, and the instance name is MSSQLSERVER .
Clients that connect to the default instance, including Bravura Security Fabric , do not require
\MSSQLSERVER  in their server address lines.
For Micr osoft  SQL Server Express E dition  this is usually SQLEXPRESS .
▪Name and password of a system administrator (sysadmin role) login.▪
For Micr osoft  SQL Server Express E dition  this is usually sa.Setting  up encrypted c ommunic ation  with the Database Service (iddb)
In most cases the SQL Server is local to the Bravura Security Fabric  instance. If this is not the case, you
may want to set up encr yption  to ensure that c ommunic ation  between the Database Service ( iddb ) and
SQL Server takes place over an encrypted channel.
To setup up encr yption  on SQL Server:
1.Obtain a certific a t e. 1.
2.Install the certific a t e  with its private key on the SQL Server. 2.
3.Install the certific a t e  (without private key) at the appropriate place on your instance server, if 3.
necessary.
4.Under the instance's SQL Server registry key, create a DWORD called FORCEENCRYPT and set its 4.
value to 1.
5.On SQL Server, in the certific a t e's  snap-in of mmc.exe, right click the appropriate certific a t e  > all tasks 5.
> manage private keys … and add read access to the account that runs the SQL Server service (by
default, NT Authority\MSSQLSERVER )
6.In the SQL Server Con figur ation  Manager, expand SQL Server Network Con figur ation  on the left-hand 6.
pane, then right click Protocols for <mssql instance name>  and click Pr operties . Choose the
appropriate certific a t e  under the Certific a t es  tab
7.Restart the SQL Server service.7.
8.Restart iddb . 8.
Notes:
▪FORCEENCRYPT requires certific a t e  v alidation;  it cannot be turned off if you want encr yption.  You ▪
can use a self-signed cert, and install it as a trusted root certific a t e  on the instance.
▪FORCEENCRYPT will use TDS 7.3 rather than 8.0, meaning that TLS will be used only for certific a t e ▪
neg otiation  (with applic ation-la y er  encr yption)  rather than fully enc ap sulating  the tr a ffic.  Bravura
Security Fabric  not support TDS 8.0 currently.
▪Since setup  currently does not use the OLE DB driver, encr yption  will be on during install/patch only ▪
if the server is set to require it, and even then certific a t es  will not be validated. During initial
ins t allation,  if encr yption  is mandatory on the server side, iddb will fail to start. When presented
with the error prompt, set the FORCEENCRYPT  registry value and click Retry .
▪Take care not to allow the certific a t e  to expire without r ot ating  it. Your instance will stop working once ▪
it expires.
SQL Server R eporting  Services post ins t allation
The SQL Server R eporting  Services feature is a requirement to use the Analytics  app in Bravura Security
Fabric . The following steps are only required if you add the SSRS feature after  you have already installed
SQL Server; you do not need to do these steps if you installed SSRS during the SQL server install.
The version of SSRS must be the same version as the SQL Server for the instance. For example; SQL Server
2016 and SSRS 2016.If you are installing SQL Server R eporting  Service (SSRS) to use the Analytics  ensure the server is not a
Domain Controller.
1.Launch R eporting  Services Con figur ation  Manager. 1.
2.Click the Web Service URL button  on the left. Change settings  if required. 2.
3.Click Apply (whether you change the settings  or not). 3.
4.Take note of the Report Server Web Service URL. You will need this when you install Bravura Security 4.
Fabric .
5.Click the Database button  on the left. 5.
6.If you do not have a database:6.
a.Click Change Database a.
b.Select Create a new report server database b.
c.Click Next c.
d.Follow the prompts to create a databased.
This initial  database will not be used; however, SSRS requires an initial  database to connect to as
part of the install process.
Cr eating  a dedicated database, user, and schema
Bravura Security Fabric  requires a dedicated database, user and schema in SQL Server  in order to connect
to a database and install schema objects.
You can allow Bravura Security Fabric  setup to do this for you, as described in Using setup to create a
new dedicated database user, or use the following ins tructions  to set up the user and schema yourself.
To create the user and c on figur e  its permissions:
1.Start Micr osoft  SQL Server Management Studio. 1.
2.Connect to the server as a system administrator (sysadmin role).2.
You can do this using SQL Server authentic ation  and the sa account, or using Windows authentic ation
if the Windows user has the sysadmin role.
For example, to connect to the server using the sa account, set:
Server type : Database Engine
Server name: <host name or IP address> \<instance>
Authentic ation:  SQL authentic ation
Login:  sa
Password <password for sa>
Click Connect .
3.Create a new database for Bravura Security Fabric : 3.
a.In the Object Explorer (left)  pane, right-click Databases , then click New Database… . a.
b.Type the Database name . b.c.Click Options . c.
d.Select Recovery model and choose Simple . d.
Ensure that an appropriate database backup policy is in place. See http://
t echne t.microsoft.c om/ en-us/librar y/ms189275.asp x  for more inf ormation.
e.Select Compatibility  level and ensure that this is set to a minimum value of SQL Server 2014 (120) . e.
The c ompatibility  level for the installed version of Micr osoft  SQL Server is suitable.
f.Select Auto Create St atistics  and choose True . f.
g.Select Auto Update St atistics  and choose True . g.
h.Select Auto Update St atistics  asynchronously and choose False . h.
i.Click OK. i.
4.Create a new login:4.
a.In the Object Explorer pane, expand Security . a.
b.Right-click Logins , then click New Login… . b.
c.On the General page, type the Login name . c.
d.Select:d.
▪SQL Server Authentic ation ▪
Type and c on firm  the password for the new login. Deselect the User must change password at
next login and Enforce password e xpir ation  checkboxes.
Or
▪Windows authentic ation ▪
Pick a local or domain account or group.
e.Set Default database to the database that you created in step 3. e.
f.Click OK. f.
5.Create a new schema in the database:5.
a.In the Object Explorer pane expand Databases > <Newdatabase > >Security . a.
Where <New database> is the database that you created in step 3.
b.Right-click Schemas , then click New Schema… . b.
c.Type the Schema name . c.
d.Click OK. d.
6.Set the user in the database:6.
a.In the Object Explorer pane, expand Databases > <Newdatabase > >Security . a.
Where <New database> is the database that you created in step 3.
b.Right-click Users , then click New User… b.
c.Type the User name . c.
d.Set the Login name to the user you created in step 4. d.
e.Set the Default schema to the schema you created in step 5. e.f.In the Database role membership area, enable: f.
▪db_datareader▪
▪db_datawriter▪
▪db_ddladmin▪
▪db_owner▪
g.Click OK. g.
7.Close the c onnection  to the schema by collapsing the database tree and highlighting  the root of the 7.
SQL Server management interface.
This ensures that the database can be locked to perform the following oper ation.
8.Alter the database c ollation: 8.
a.In the toolbar, click New Query . a.
b.In the new query window, type the following:  b.
ALTER DATABASE <database name>  SET SINGLE_USER WITH ROLLBACK IMMEDIATE
ALTER DATABASE <database name>  COLLATE Latin1_General_BIN 
ALTER DATABASE <database name>  SET ALLOW_SNAPSHOT_ISOLATION ON 
ALTER DATABASE <database name>  SET READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT ON 
ALTER DATABASE <database name>  SET MULTI_USER
ALTER DATABASE <database name>  SET NEW_BROKER
ALTER DATABASE <database name>  SET ENABLE_BROKER WITH ROLLBACK
IMMEDIATE  
If the database name is ”default”, enclose it in square brackets: [default] .
c.Click Execute . c.