Global help desk rules control what help desk users can do for all other users.
4.Select 
  the GLOBAL_HELP_DESK  user access rule. 4.
This rule de fines  privileges for help desk managers. By default, the following privileges are enabled:
▪Change passwords▪
▪Change and expire passwords▪
▪Unlock accounts▪
▪Enable/Disable user pr ofile ▪
▪Unlock user pr ofile ▪
▪ Attach  other accounts ▪
▪Generate voice print enrollment PIN▪
▪Manage tokens▪
If not yet c onfigured,  “(Disabled)” is displayed next to the privilege name.
5.Click in the field  next to Allowed privileges  and select View security questions . 5.
This will allow help desk users to see the user’s security questions  from question  sets that have
appropriate Help-desk permissions  settings.
For help desk users to see security questions  from a question  set, the question  set must also have its
c onfiguration  setting  for Help-desk permissions  set to Allowed to view security
questions .
6.Click Update . 6.
7.Click the Membership criteria  tab. 7.
This page allows you to select or create user classes that de fine  the membership rules to have these
access rights. By default, the membership criteria for this user access rule is de fined  by the
_GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_  user class.
8.Click the General  tab and click Recalculate  for Membership cache valid:. 8.
The members of the _GLOBAL_HELP_DESK_  user class have now been granted permissions to see a
user's security questions.
T esting  privileges
The Show e ff ectiv e  privileges function  allows you to view the privileges for individual users by user
access rule categories. To do this:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s > Show e ff ectiv e  privileges . 1.
2.Type the pr ofile  ID of the Requester . This is the person for whom you want to show e ff ectiv e 2.
privileges.
3.Select which set of Rules to show e ff ectiv e  privileges for: 3.
▪Global help desk rules▪
▪Self-service rules▪
▪Delegated adminis tr ation  rules – You must enter the <PROFILEID> of the Recipient . ▪4.Click Test. 4.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the message “User [ <profileID> ] has the following privileges when
acting  on <recipient> ”, and lists the privileges for the requester.
If the requester has a privilege in multiple  user access rules, then they are all displayed.
Access to attribut es  and privileged accounts
This section  shows you how to de fine  user groups to control access to attribut es  and privileged accounts.
User groups de fine  which privileges a group of users can have, and user classes de fine  membership
criteria for each user group. See User Classes  (on page 733) for more in f ormation  about user classes.
Getting  started
 Requirements 
▪You require the "Manage user groups"  adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Privileged access ▪
to systems , Access to pr ofile  and request attribut es  and Access to resource attribut es  menu items.
 Na vig ation  steps 
Use the User groups page to add and c on figur e  user groups. To navigate to this page:
1.Click the menu item that corresponds with the user group you want to c on figur e: 1.
▪Manage the system > Security > Access to resource attribut es ▪
▪Manage the system > Security > Access to pr ofile  and request attribut es ▪
▪Manage the system > Security > Privileged access to systems▪
2.Search for, or select a user group, or click Add new... 2.
De fine:
▪Assigning user group access controls  (on page 727) ▪
▪ De fining  user group membership criteria  (on page 728) ▪
User groups and pr ofile  and request attribut e  groups
Use the Manage the system > Security > Access to pr ofile  and request attribut es  menu to determine
pr ofile  and request attribut e  groups a user group can see or edit.
The following built-in user groups are c on figur ed  for pr ofile  and request attribut es:
ALLAUTHORIZERS All users designated as authorizers of requests.
ALLIMPLEMENTERS All users designated as implementers of requests.
ALLRECIPIENTS All recipients of access change requests.
ALLREQUESTERS All requesters of access change requests.
ALLREVIEWERS All users designated to complete an entitlemen t  or c on figur ation
review.You can also de fine  permissions via the W orkflo w  > Attribut e  groups menu.
Users must have rights to at least one attribut e  group in order to view or edit attribut es  in Bravura
Security Fabric .
Users can be members of multiple  user groups, and are assigned the highest c ombination  of privileges
assigned to the rules to which they belong.
For example:
▪User A belongs to recipient group B with read permissions on attribut e  group C. ▪
▪User A belongs to recipient group D with write permissions on attribut e  group C. ▪
▪User A in e ff ect  has both read and write permissions on attribut e  group C. ▪
The highest c ombination  of rights is also assigned when a user is both recipient and requester, when
using the Requests  app. That is, when a user is tracking a request and:
▪Has requested an change for somebody else, their rights as a requester are in e ff ect. ▪
▪Is the recipient of a change requested by somebody else, their rights as a recipient are in e ff ect. ▪
▪Has requested a change for themselves, their combined rights as requester and recipient are in e ff ect. ▪
Similar rules apply for users who are both requester and authorizer.
If an attribut e  group contains required attribut es  that can only be edited by authorizers, the requirement
is ignored until  the request reaches the authoriz ation  stage. If authorizers then fail to provide values for
the required attribut es,  the request is aut omatic ally  denied.
When a user group is assigned write-only permissions to attribut es  with restricted or boolean values, they
in e ff ect  cannot view or edit those attribut es.  If you require a user to be able to edit attribut es  with
restricted or boolean values, you must assign them read/write permissions.User groups and resource attribut es
Use the Manage the system > Security > Access to resource attribut es  menu to determine what
resource attribut es  a user group can see or edit.
The following built-in user groups are c on figur ed  for resource attribut es:
ALLUSERS All users
ENTITLEMENT_EXPIRY_CONFIG Users who can c on figur e  entitlemen t  expiry days
GROUP_CREATE_USERS Users who can create groupsYou can also de fine  permissions via the Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups  
menu.
Membership to resource attribut e  user groups is de fined  by user classes.
User groups and managed system policies
 Applies to Bravura Privilege
Use the Manage the system > Security > Privileged access to systems  menu to determine what managed
system s and managed system policies  a user can see or edit.
You can also assign access controls from within a managed system policy .
The following user groups are c on figur ed  by default for privileged access to systems:
ALLAUTHORIZERS All users designated as authorizers of requests.
ALLRECIPIENTS All recipients of access change requests.
ALLREQUESTERS All requesters of access change requests. By default this group has
permission to request authoriz ation  to view the adminis tr ativ e
password of any managed system.
IT_SEC_USERS IT security users who are pre-approved to check-out managed
account access.
MSP_REPORT_USERS Product administrators who can generate and view reports r elating  to
Bravura Privilege , including password check-in/check-out, password
expiry, and password history.
Product administrator user groups and permissions
The permissions granted by a user group work in c onjunction  with adminis tr ativ e  privileges. product
administrator s with the Manage managed system policies adminis tr ativ e  privilege have the right to access
managed system policies  c on figur ation  pages. You add those product administrator s to one or more user
groups, which control which managed system policies  the members have access to. For each managed
system policy , the user group can be granted permissions listed in Privileged system access controls  (on
page 726).These permissions apply to adminis tr ativ e  menus and to reports, such as the Password change history
report. That is, a product administrator  who has the Manage reports adminis tr ativ e  privilege can only
generate reports for managed system policies to which he has view access.
Product administrators can belong to more than one user group. The maximum privilege is given when a
product administrator  belongs to multiple  user groups, as privileges are cumulativ e.
Privileged system access controls
Privileged access permissions
Permission Description
View pr operties  for this policy Allows product administrators to view the managed system policy and its
members.
Modify pr operties  for this policy Allows product administrators to modify the managed system policy and its
members.
Pre-approved check-out of managed
accountsAllows members to access accounts currently managed by this managed
system policy.
Randomize/override password of
managed accountsAllows members to randomize and override passwords currently managed
by this managed system policy.
Request check-out of managed
accountsAllows members to request access to accounts currently managed by this
managed system policy, including account set access requests. Members
can use shared account sets, however, they cannot modify them.
View in f ormation:  Managed
systems/Managed accounts/Group
sets/Account setsDisplays the managed system, managed account, group sets, and account
sets as hyperlinks throughout the request to allow members to view
system/access in f ormation  from a pop-up window.
Pre-approved check-out of group
setsAllows members to access group sets currently managed by this managed
system policy.
Request check-out of group sets Allows members to request access to group sets currently managed by this
managed system policy.
Pre-approved search of recorded
sessionsAllows members to be auto-approved to search this managed system
policy’s recorded sessions.
Pre-approved download of recorded
sessionsAllows members to be auto-approved to download this managed system
policy’s recorded sessions.
Pre-approved view of recorded
sessionsAllows members to be auto-approved to view this managed system policy’s
recorded sessions.
Run reports about privileged access
for this policyAllows product administrators to run reports on recorded session
in f ormation  for this managed system policy.
Access password history for
managed accountsAllows members to view the password history for a managed account when
access is checked out.
Modify all account sets in this policy Allows members to modify account sets managed by this managed system
policy, whether shared or not.
Manage systems on this policy Allows product administrators to modify pr operties  of systems currently
managed by this managed system policy.Use of pre-approved options  is not recommended for security reasons.
Regular user groups and permissions
Bravura Privilege  allows regular users to request temporary access to adminis tr ativ e  passwords on
managed systems, for themselves or other users, using authoriz ation  w orkflo w .  See Privileged system
access controls  (on page 726) for details about w orkflo w .
When you create a Bravura Privilege  managed system policy, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  gives
all users, via the built-in ALLREQUESTERS user group, the permission to:
▪Request check-out of managed accounts▪
▪View in f ormation:  Managed systems/Managed accounts/Group sets/Account sets ▪
▪Request check-out of group sets▪
This default behavior can be changed in the Modules  > Privileged access menu. Disable the IDARCHIVE
PASSWORD REQUESTED and IDARCHIVE GSET REQUESTED settings.  This changes the default behavior so
that users must be assigned to a user group with appropriate permission.
You can also override this default behavior via a group’s Access control tab. For each managed system
policy, the user group can be granted permissions listed in Privileged system access controls  (on page
726).
If regular users have ” Pre-approved check-out of managed accounts ” and ”Request check-out of managed
accounts ” permissions, they are able to check out managed accounts without needing authoriz ation.  They
can also update the end time  of their checkout.
If enabling ” Pre-approved check-out of managed accounts ” for managed system policies with the SSH key
authentic ation  type, check-out requests are aut omatic ally  approved instead of pre-approved.
Regular users can belong to more than one user group. The maximum privilege is given when a user
belongs to multiple  user groups - privileges are cumulativ e.
Regular users who are not also members of an adminis trative  group cannot modify managed systems, or
randomize or override passwords. Users must have appropriate product administrator  c apabilities  to
manage managed systems. 
Assigning user group access controls
To de fine  access controls for a user group:
1.From the user group in f ormation  page  (on page 722), click the Access control tab. 1.
2.Enable Grant and Deny checkboxes for attribut e  groups or managed system policies  as required. 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
You cannot modify the access controls of a user group of which you are a member.De fining  user group membership criteria
A user group can have one or more users as members. Membership criteria for a user group is de fined  by
selecting  or cr eating  user classes. Users must be participan ts  of the selected user classes in order to have
membership in the user group. Each user class must be mapped to the participan t  type: requester or
recipient.
To de fine  user group membership criteria:
1.From the From the user group in f ormation  page  (on page 722), click the Membership criteria tab. 1.
2.To de fine  user group membership criteria by: 2.
▪ Selecting  e xisting  user classes: ▪
i.Click Select... . i.
ii.If required, click Edit 
 for any user classes that need to be modified  before you select them. ii.
iii.Enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want to select as membership criteria, then clickiii.
Select .
iv.Set the P articipan t  mapping to either the: iv.
▪REQUESTER who can view and edit other users’ attribut es ▪
or
▪RECIPIENT whose attribut es  are being viewed and edited ▪
▪ Cr eating  a new user class: ▪
i.Click Create a new user class . i.
ii.See User Classes  (on page 733) for full details on how to create a new user class. ii.
Repeat this step until  you have de fined  user group membership.
3.If you have selected multiple  user classes, select whether the participan ts  must match All of the user 3.
classes or Any of the user classes .
The default setting  is All of the user classes .
Once you have finished  de fining  membership criteria, you can click the Test tab to Test membership of
individual users, or List members .
Membership of non-built-in user classes can be cached to improve performance. There are options  to
recalculate or invalidate the cache on the user class c on figur ation  page.
In a replicated environment, cache rec alculation  can only be performed on the instance which runs
psupdate .
Con figur ation  Notes
In some cases it may be easier to prevent certain users from accessing specific  objects, rather than trying
to find a way to grant limited user access.
Use the ACL DENY ENABLE setting  on the Manage the system > Policies > Options  page to allow product
administrator s to deny read and write permissions to objects.Security plugin options
You can set the options  listed in the table below on the Manage the system > Security > Options  menu.
Security options
Option Description
API ADMIN PLUGIN Filters API function  calls made by API users. This overrides the default API
functions  that API users are allowed to call.
See API adminis tr ativ e  privileges  (on page 729).
OTP MAXIMUM Controls the number of last known passwords for an OTP API caller that are
still considered valid. The default is set to 0, meaning that the one-time
password will be invalidated after  its fir s t use.
USER OPERATION FILTER PLUGIN Control the oper ations  that users can perform.
You can also control the oper ations  that users can perform by applying user
access rules to user classes. This plugin can be used for more complex
requirements.
See Oper ation  filt ering  (on page 730).
API adminis tr ativ e  privileges
You can c on figur e  the API ADMIN PLUGIN to choose which API functions  can be called for certain API
users.
By default, OTP API users are only allowed to call KMKeyGetByAccount, RecoverKeyByAccount,
ManagedAccountOverridePassword, and ManagedAccountRandomizePassword API functions,  while all
other API users are allowed to call all API functions  except KMKeyGetByAccount and
RecoverKeyByAccount.
This plugin will override the default settings,  so if you want to include additional  API functions  to call and
retain the e xisting  ones, you must explicitly include this in the plugin.
To use a plugin to determine access controls for API users:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Options . 1.
2.Type the name of the plugin program in the API ADMIN PLUGIN row.2.
3.Click Update . 3.
There is no shipped plugin in use with this plugin point. See details on writing  a custom plugin
Ex ecution  points
This plugin is executed any time  an API function  other than Login, LoginEx, or Logout is called. Refer to
the " Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API " for available API functions.
Input
"" "" = {  "OTP" = "false"
  "REST" = "false"
  "function" = "UserclassActorGet"
  "sessionid" = "Ibcb3b1a0-9f22-4221-9479-fb7dcb18badf"
  "userid" = "_API_USER"
}
Where:
OTP indicates whether the logged-in user is an OTP user.
REST indicates whether the plugin is being called from classic API or the REST API.
function  indicates the API function  being called.
sessionid is the current session ID.
userid is the user calling the API function.
Output
The following is an example of the output returned by the plugin
# KVGROUP-V1.0
"" "" = {
  "errmsg" = ""
  "retval" = "0"
  "action" = "allow"
}
Where:
errmsg is used to indicate the error on failure
retval is zero on success or non-zero on failure.
action  is ’allow’ on success or ’deny’ on failure.
.
Oper ation  filt ering
Many or g aniz ations  apply business logic to de fine  what employees are allowed to do; for example, allow
only managers to submit requests for disabling user access. Bravura Security Fabric  implements the
oper ation  filt er  plugin point to allow you to restrict access to oper ations  based on who the user is.
You can also control the operations  that users can perform by applying user access rules to user classes.
This plugin can be used for more complex requirements.
To enable the plugin point:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Options . 1.
2.Type the name of the plugin in the USER OPERATION FILTER PLUGIN  field. 2.
3.Click Update at the bottom  of the page. 3.