Option Description
RES CONNECTION TO SERVER
FAILED TEST PASSED MSGThe message to display to users when a remote
desktop c onnection  cannot be established, but
c onnectivity  to the remote system exists. This is
used by the remote desktop access disclosure
module ( pswxtsvc ). The message is controlled
by the !!!
RES_CONNECTION_TO_SERVER_FAILED_TEXT_PASSED_MSG_DEFAULT
M4 tag, which displays in English: “Connectivity
to remote system exists but rdp c onnection  could
not be established.”
RES FAILED TO CREATE PROCESS
MSGThe message to display to users when an access
disclosure plugin fails to launch. The message is
controlled by the !!!
RES_FAILED_TO_CREATE_PROCESS_MSG_DEFAULT
M4 tag, which displays in English: “Failed to
launch access disclosure plugin.”
RES LOGIN FAILED MSG The message to display to users when the remote
desktop c onnection  encounters authentic ation
problems. The message is controlled by the !!!
RES_LOGIN_FAILED_MSG_DEFAULT M4 tag,
which displays in English: “Unable to log into
remote system using managed account and
password.”
RES PASSWORD EXPIRED MSG The message to display to users when they try to
access an account that has expired because it has
been aut omatic ally  randomized. The message is
controlled by the !!!ERROR_EXPIRED_PASSWORD
M4 tag, which displays in English: “The password
has expired.” This value only applies to Account
access request.
RES PROGRAM PATH INVALID
MSGThe message to display to users when a required
program cannot be found on their system. This is
used by the command prompt access control
(pswxcmd ). The message is controlled by the !!!
RES_PROGRAM_PATH_INVALID_MSG_DEFAULT
M4 tag, which displays in English: “Unable to
launch applic ation. ”
RES SESSION EXPIRED MSG The message to display to users when they try
view or use a password after  their session has
expired. The message is controlled by the !!!
ERROR_EXPIRED_SESSION M4 tag, which displays
in English: “The session has expired. Please re-log
in.”Option Description
RES SHOW PASSWORD ANYWAY
MSGThe message to display to users who try to access
an expired password. The
message is controlled by the !!!
WARNING_RES_PASSWORD_EXPIRED M4 tag,
which displays in English: “You are attempting  to
use an expired password. Do you want to
c ontinue?  Refresh the page to load the current
password.”
This value only applies to Account access request.
Check-in / check-out notific ations
The following settings  a ff ect  notific ations  sent to users when a checked out account is about to expire,
and can be set in the Account access request  tab:
Bravura Privilege  check-out expiry notific ation  options
Option Description
RES NOTIFY IMMINENT
CHECKINProgram to notif y  users that their check-outs are
about to expire. Con figur e  this event to specify
the details of the check-out expiry email
notific ation.  Use this in c onjunction  with RES
NOTIFY IMMINENT CHECKIN INTERVAL.
RES NOTIFY IMMINENT
CHECKIN INTERVALThe time  interval (in minutes) before check-out
expiry that notific ations  (c on figur ed  in RES
NOTIFY IMMINENT CHECKIN) will be sent and
that warning messages (c on figur ed  in RES
CHECKOUT EXPIRY WARNING MSG) will start
appearing.
By default, this field  is blank and no check-out
expiry notific ations  are sent. If this field  is blank,
check-out expiry warning messages will start
appearing 5 minutes before the check-out
expires. If this field  is set to 0, no check-out
expiry notific ations  will be sent and no warning
messages will appear.
Users are notified  in the following cases for:
▪Account access request notific ation  events  (on page 1953) ▪
▪Group set access request notific ation  events  (on page 1953) ▪Account access request notific ation  events
▪When an account access request is approved, the recipient receives an email including a link to the▪
account access page. The link requires the user to verify their identity  as the recipient of the request.
▪When the check-out limit is reached, Bravura Privilege  warns users who request a check-out, and ▪
notifies  users who currently have checked out the account access.
▪When an account access is checked out, Bravura Privilege  notifies  other users who currently have ▪
checked out access for the same account, listing  the status of all other requests on the account. You
can control the details in the notific ation  using the RES PWD CICO VIEW DETAILS setting  in the
Manage the system  > Modules  > Privileged access  menu.
▪If a checked out account password is checked in and the password is randomized, depending on the▪
RES CHECKIN RANDOMIZE , Bravura Privilege  notifies  other users who currently have checked out
access to the same account and asks them to get the updated password.
▪If a checked out account’s password expires, Bravura Privilege  notifies  users who have checked it out. ▪
If the password was randomized, depending on the RES CHECKOUT PASSWORD RANDOMIZATION
MODE , Bravura Privilege  notifies  other users who currently have checked out the password and asks
them to get the updated password.
▪When a check-out request is denied or canceled, Bravura Privilege  notifies  the user that the request is ▪
denied or canceled r espectiv ely .
▪When a user’s permission to access an account is checked in by another user, Bravura Privilege ▪
notifies:
▪The recipient user▪
▪Other users who currently have checked out the access accounts▪
▪Other users w aiting  to check out the password ▪
▪Authorizers, if the request was submitted  through w orkflo w . ▪
If the password is randomized, depending on the RES REVOKE RANDOMIZE  setting ,  Bravura
Privilege  notifies  other users who currently have checked out the password and asks them to get
the updated password.
▪When a managed account’s password is manually randomized, Bravura Privilege  notifies  all users who ▪
currently have checked out the access to that account and asks them to get the updated password.
▪When the MAX CHECKOUT PASSWORD CHANGE INTERVAL is reached and if a password is ▪
randomized, depending on the RES CHECKOUTEXP RANDOMIZE setting ,  Bravura Privilege  notifies  all
users who currently have checked out access for that password and asks them to get the updated
password.
Group set access request notific ation  events
▪When a temporary group membership access request is approved, the recipient receives an email▪
including a link to the temporary group membership access page. The link requires the user to verify
their identity  as the recipient of the request.
▪When the check-out limit is reached, Bravura Privilege  warns users who request a check-out, and ▪
notifies  users who currently have checked out the temporary group membership access.▪When a temporary group membership access is checked out, Bravura Privilege  notifies  other users ▪
who currently have checked out access for the same temporary group membership.
▪If a checked out temporary group membership expires, Bravura Privilege  notifies  users who have ▪
checked it out.
▪When a check-out request is denied or canceled, Bravura Privilege  notifies  the user that the request is ▪
denied or canceled r espectiv ely .
▪When a user’s permission to access a temporary group membership is checked in by another user,▪
Bravura Privilege  notifies:
▪The recipient user▪
▪Other users w aiting  to check out the temporary group membership access. ▪
▪Authorizer(s), if the request was submitted  through w orkflo w . ▪
Email notific ation
You can set the following email notific ation  options  in the Manage the system > Privileged access >
Options  > Email notific ation  menu:
Privileged access: email options
Option Description
EMAIL NOTIFICATION TIME Set times  of day to send out notific ation
emails for adminis tr ativ e  password resets.
Write times  in the format HH:MM in a
comma-delimited list. If no time  is
specified,  an email is sent immediately
after  a password reset event.
RES RECIPIENT EMAIL A comma-delimited list of email addresses
to notif y  of password change issues.
RES FAIL RECIPIENT EMAIL A comma-delimited list of email addresses
to notif y  of password change failures.
RES SUCCESS RECIPIENT EMAIL A comma-delimited list of email addresses
to notif y  of successful password changes.
If you alter the reminder times  or interval, messages that have already been queued will be sent at the
previously set time.  The new time  values apply to messages triggered after  you make the changes.
See also: 
See Email notific ation  (on page 412) for detailed in f ormation  on general settings  for email.
Using the API to retrieve adminis tr ativ e  passwords
You can use API functions  to access the API via:
▪Using a product administrator with OTP rights  (on page 1955) ▪
▪Using the API to check out passwords  (on page 1956) ▪Using a product administrator with OTP rights
You can access the API and retrieve, randomize, and override passwords, or download large cr edentials,
via a product administrator  with one time  password (OTP) rights.
Con figur ation
To c on figur e  Bravura Privilege  access to privileged access API functions:
1.Create an _OTP_USER product administrator  account with the "OTP IDAPI caller" adminis tr ativ e 1.
privilege.
The IP address with CIDR bitmask field  must specify the list of IP addresses from which the product
administrator  will access the API Service.
2.Create a user class with the following pr operties: 2.
▪ID: _EXPLICIT_OTP_USERS_▪
▪ P articipan ts:  USERID ▪
▪Explicit user: _OTP_USER▪
3.Create a user group3.
▪ID: _OTP_USERGROUP▪
▪Access control: For the managed system  from which you are r equesting  passwords, grant Pre- ▪
approved check-out of managed accounts  managed accounts and Request check-out of managed
accounts  check-out of managed accounts
▪membership criteria: _EXPLICIT_OTP_USERS_▪
API functions
In order to retrieve an account password that Bravura Privilege  is managing you must:
1.Use the LoginEx function  to log in to the API Service. 1.
After  a successful login, LoginEx aut omatic ally  resets the product administrator ’s password to a new 64
byte string. The new password is made available through the newapw argument. The new password
has to be used for the next log in.
2.Use the KMKeyGetByAccount function  to retrieve a password. 2.
When using KMKeyGetByAccount, note that the accountID is case sensitiv e  and that the resourceID
must be uppercase.
Best pr actices
Note the following:
▪If the password is accessed by IDAPI SOAP , either ws binding or basic binding over HTTPS is used.▪
▪When saving the OTP password, ensure that it remains encrypted.▪
▪When using the OTP account, the calling program cannot access the IDAPI service concurrently. Use a▪
MUTEX or serial access to the OTP account or one OTP account per program/caller.▪Once the password is given, it is the caller’s responsibility to use the password correctly and dispose▪
of the password. Storing the current password is not recommended. It should be encrypted if it is
stored.
Using the API to check out passwords
You can use API functions  Login, WFRequestCheckout, and WFRequestCheckin, to access the API and
retrieve passwords being managed by Bravura Privilege , via a w orkflo w -based  approval to check out
access privileges.
In order to checkout a privileged account password via the API you must use the Login function  to log in
to the API Service, via a user with the IDAPI Caller privilege. The user must e ff ectiv ely  log in as the
recipient, using the AuthConsoleUser option  for Login.
The checkout availability windows must be valid at the time  the WFRequestCheckout/WFRequestCheckin
functions  are executed.
You can use the API at each stage of the w orkflo w ,  using the Login function  with AuthConsoleUser option
to impersonate the appropriate user; that is, you can:
1.Issue a request for checkout via Privileged access  app, or the API (as the requester) using the 1.
WFRequestCreate, WFRequestSubmit, WFR eques tAttr sSe t  (PPM_VIEW_TIME_BEGIN,
PPM_VIEW_TIME_END), and WFR eques tActionsGet  (ARCHREQPWD).
2.Issue a request to approve the checkout request via Requests  app, or the API (as the authorizer) using 2.
the WFApprove function.  Ensure the primary field  is set correctly in the WFApprove input.
3.Issue a request to fetch the password via Privileged access  app, or the API (as the recipient) using the 3.
WFRequestCheckout function.
4.Issue a request to check in the password via Privileged access  app, or the API (as the recipient) using 4.
the WFRequestCheckin function,  or check in the password using Privileged access  app.
For generic access check-outs, the following API functions  must be used instead of the
WFRequestCheckout and WFRequestCheckin functions:
▪WFRequestGenericCheckout▪
▪WFRequestGenericCheckin▪
▪GenericCheckoutStatusGet▪
▪GenericCheckoutDisclose▪Access disclosure plugins
ABravura Privilege  uses access disclosure plugins to permit secure access to a password for a privileged
account. In addition  to disclosing the password, some controls can aut omatic ally  authentic a t e  into
systems, programs and websites.
You c on figur e  managed system policies  (on page 1834) to use access disclosure plugins to allow product
administrators and end users to access the privileged accounts. By default, new managed system policies
do not have any access disclosure plugins c on figur ed.  Depending on the authentic ation  types de fined  for
the managed system policy, only applicable disclosure plugins can be added to the policy. You can
c on figur e  any number of controls to allow users to access current privileged passwords, SSH keys, and
group sets. You can c on figur e  only one control to disclose old passwords.
 See also: 
▪Privileged access management options  (on page 1932) for in f ormation  about other privileged access ▪
management options.
▪ De fining  access disclosure plugins  (on page 1849) to learn how to select access disclosure plugins at ▪
the managed system policy level and override global settings.
Types of access disclosure plugins
There are several types of access disclosure plugins:
▪ Nativ e  access disclosure plugins: These are Javascript controls that can be installed on users’ ▪
w ork s t ations  prior to disclosing passwords. Alt ernativ ely ,  a one-time  disclosure method can be used to
access the plugins.
▪Guacamole access disclosure plugins: Unlike nativ e  access disclosure plugins, these are controls that ▪
are viewed directly from a web browser and do not require ins t allation  of plugins or client softw ar e.
These controls work on any browser that supports HTML5. A Guacamole gateway is required in order
to use it.
▪Website access disclosure plugins : These controls launches either a browser tab or a secure browser ▪
window and aut omatic ally  logs into a website using a c on figur ation  de fined  in a JSON file. Ins t allation
of a browser extension or client softw ar e  is required in order to use it.
Bravura Privilege  ships with the following nativ e  access disclosure plugins:
▪Run command: pswcmdrun is used with account set access requests. It allows users to run ▪
commands or scripts on multiple  managed systems using managed account cr edentials.
When a user checks out an account set, Bravura Security Fabric  displays a command e x ecution
window if any of the member systems support the run command oper ation.
Details: Run command: pswcmdrun  (on page 1959).
▪Command prompt: pswxcmd provides users with access to managed systems by e x ecuting  an ▪
external program and providing cr edentials.There are three types of command prompt controls; one is specific ally  for accessing managed
accounts, and the other two are for temporary group membership, where the password can either be
passed onto the command line, or specified  upon c onnection  to the remote server.
This plugin is c ompatible  with session recording.
Details: Command prompt: pswxcmd  (on page 1960).
▪PuTTY over SSH▪
This is a pr ec on figur ed  pswxcmd  access disclosure plugin used for accessing managed accounts with
SSH keys instead of passwords.
This plugin is c ompatible  with session recording.
Details: PuTTY over SSH: pswxcmd  (on page 1963).
▪Copy: pswxcopy provides users with access to a password by copying it into the clipboard of the ▪
client w ork s t ation.
Details: Copy: pswxcopy .
▪Remote desktop / Remote App RDP: pswxtsvc provides users with access to Windows server or ▪
client managed systems and RemoteApp programs using Remote Desktop Connection  (RDC). The
plugin provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system without the need to enter the
adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the managed account.
This plugin is c ompatible  with session recording.
Details: Remote desktop / Remote APP RDP: pswxtsvc  (on page 1964).
▪Display: pswxview provides users with access to a password by displaying it within the browser. ▪
When the secure method is enabled, Bravura Security Fabric  uses JavaScript to decrypt the privileged
password embedded in the page.
If the insecure method is enabled, the browser can store passwords in plain text in the page source,
and users can access the accounts in browsers that do not have JavaScript enabled. Users access the
managed system by hovering their cursor over the View button.
Details: Display: pswxview  (on page 1970).
Bravura Privilege  ships with the following Guacamole access disclosure plugins:
▪In-browser RDP: guacamole-rdp provides users with access to Windows server or client managed ▪
systems using Remote Desktop Connection  (RDC).
Details: In-browser RDP: guacamole-rdp  (on page 1975).
▪In-browser Remote App: guacamole-remote-app provides users with access to a remote ▪
applic ation  (RemoteApp) hosted on a Windows server or client managed systems.
Details: In-browser Remote App: guacamole-remote-app  (on page 1976).
▪In-browser SSH: guacamole-ssh provides users with remote access to a server using Secure Shell ▪
(SSH).
Details: In-browser SSH: guacamole-ssh  (on page 1977).
▪In-browser telnet: guacamole-telnet provides users with remote access to a server using ▪
Telnet.Details: In-browser Telnet: guacamole-telnet  (on page 1977).
▪In-browser VNC: guacamole-vnc provides users with remote access to a managed system with ▪
Virtual Network Computing  (VNC) enabled.
Details: In-browser VNC: guacamole-vnc  (on page 1978).
All Guacamole access disclosure plugins provide aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system without
the need to enter the adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the managed account and are c ompatible  with
session recording.
A Guacamole gateway is required in order to use Guacamole access disclosure plugins. See Installing and
c on figuring  Guacamole  (on page 1979) on how to set up a Guacamole gateway and c on figur e  the controls
to use it.
Bravura Privilege  ships with the following website access disclosure plugins:
▪Secure browser: securebrowser launches a dedicated program that aut omatic ally  logs into a ▪
website using a c on figur ation  de fined  in a JSON file. This is c ompatible  with session recording.
Requires ins t allation  of the Bravura Security Secure Browser program.
Details: Secure browser: securebrowser  (on page 2010).
▪Web app privileged sign-on: pswxwebapp launches a separate browser tab that aut omatic ally  logs ▪
into a website using a c on figur ation  de fined  in a JSON file. Requires ins t allation  of the Bravura Security
browser extension extension.
Details: Web app privileged sign-on: pswxwebapp  (on page 2010).
Nativ e  access disclosure plugins
Run command: pswcmdrun
The pswcmdrun  access disclosure plugin is used with account set access requests. It allows users to run
commands or scripts on multiple  managed systems using managed account cr edentials.
When a user checks out an account set, Bravura Privilege  displays a command e x ecution  window if any of
the member systems support the run command oper ation.
Currently the following target systems support the run command oper ation:
▪Windows NT Server▪
▪Secure Shell (SSHD Host)▪
▪Telnet target system▪
▪Python Script▪
▪Oracle Database▪
▪ Micr osoft  SQL Server ▪
▪Sybase AES Database▪
▪Console Script▪
Additional  pr epar ation  is required before pswcmdrun can run PowerShell commands on a Windows
Server / w ork s t ation  target. See Windows Server  in the Connector Pack documen t ation  for details.If the plugin is enabled but an account set contains no managed system that supports the run command
operation,  Bravura Privilege displays the following message upon check-out:
None of the checked out systems support command execution operation.
Command execution interface is not available.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of pswcmdrun :
command The command to run.
deleteexpired Delete command output after  e xpir ation.
retry Retry failed commands run via T r ansaction  Monitor Service.
savecmd Allow users to save commands.
saveresult Retrieve command output and save on server.
Command attribut e
value %command%
replacement By default, the command or script that the user specifies  in an account set request will be used
to populate the command e x ecution  window upon check-out. If you customize this value, the
customized value (command or script) will be used to populate the command e x ecution
window. It overrides any command or script specified  in the request.
Command prompt: pswxcmd
The pswxcmd access disclosure plugin provides users with access to managed systems by e x ecuting  an
external program and providing cr edentials.  The default program is PuTTY .exe, which opens an ssh/telnet
terminal to a Windows machine. The external program must meet the following requirements:
▪User cr edentials  must be accepted as part of the arguments ▪
▪ Connection  details must be accepted as part of the arguments ▪
▪The program must be installed on the user w ork s t ation ▪
▪The program must either exist on the full path specified  as part of the “program” attribut e;  or if no ▪
path has been specified,  the external program must be specified  on the w ork s t ation  system path
▪SMON HTTP URL must resolve to the server from client w ork s t ations ▪
There are three types of command prompt controls; one is specific ally  for managed accounts, and the
other two are for temporary group membership, where the password can either be passed onto the
command line, or specified  upon c onnection  to the remote server.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of pswxcmd :
arguments Arguments to supply to the external program. See Arguments attribut e  (on page 1961)
for details.
checkout expiry If set to true, the external program closes when the user’s access checkout expires.
cr edentialpr omp t If set to true, a user is prompted for a user name and password. They are made
available for arguments as %curruser% and %currpwd% . This is enabled for use
with unmanaged passwords, where the user will be prompted for a password that wil
be passed on the command line to the command.