When a target system has an in finit e  list timeout  and hangs up psupdate , only that target system’s
agent process needs to be killed. A good way to determine long-running agents, either hours or days
after  the incident, is to open PowerShell and run a piped command similar to the following:  
Get-Process | Where {$_.name -eq "<agent>"} | Select name,id,starttime 
and then determine the parent process for the listed agent processes.
If the parent process is psupdate , the agent can be killed; if it is agtsvc, the agent is being run for a
persistent listing  target system and does not have to be killed. If you think there is something wrong with
a persistent listed target, use the agtsvccli utility  to do a full listing.
Once you have a process ID for a rogue agent using the previous command, you can find its parent
process with a command such as:  
wmic process get processid,parentprocessid,executablepath|
find "<agent_processId>" 
Alt ernativ ely ,  use sys internals’ Process Explorer in tree mode if you have it on the Bravura Security Fabric
server.
Best pr actice  for determining list timeout  
Here is a best pr actice  to determine a useful timeout  that results in r elativ ely  fast psupdate processing
even when c onnection  to a target system drops, and still allows the connector to finish  listing  (and
aut omatic ally  restore the list backups) when that happens:
1.Perform several full lists on each given target system ( psupdate -target <targetID> - 1.
list ) at the time  auto discovery  is normally scheduled to run, and with the target system running at
high load.
2.Time each list oper ation  in seconds to get the maximum time  it takes to list completely and 2.
successfully, then add a margin of error as follows:
For target systems listing  under 30 minutes, you can double the list time  to get the timeout;  for target
systems that take upwards of three hours you could add an extra hour; if you schedule auto discovery
several times  a day you need to balance the dur ation  of each auto discovery  with the time  available for
it to run. Note that psupdate runs several connectors at once (controlled by system variable
UPDATE SYSTEM AGENT COUNT , by default 50), so you can take that into account when determining
the timeouts.
Extended attribut es
The extended target system in f ormation  can be viewed from the Extended attribut es  section  of the
target c on figur ation  page after  auto discovery . The pop-up page will contain in f ormation  regarding the
host name, oper ating  system version, and various other target system in f ormation.
Incremental listing
To reduce the amount of data that is discovered each time,  Bravura Security Fabric  supports incremental
listing  of account attribut es  on some target system types, such as LDAP and Activ e  Directory. For thesetarget systems, once the initial  discovery has been run, Bravura Security Fabric  only lists attribut es  for
accounts where it detects a change on subsequent runs of auto discovery . The incremental listing  setting  is
enabled by default for target systems that support it.
When listing  takes a long time,  or if time  zone/daylight savings gets processed on the target system while
listing  is happening, some attribut e  changes on the target system can be missed, so:
1.If full attribut e  listing  from a target does not take too long, it is recommended to turn off incremental 1.
listing  for that target;
2.For target systems that take a long time  listing  attribut es,  find a time  when auto discovery  is not 2.
running and run full attribut e  listing  (but only for those target systems).
Persistent listing
Target systems can change (sometimes  dr astic ally)  between scheduled discoveries. Bravura Security
Fabric  supports persistent listing  for Activ e  Directory DN or LDAP Directory Service target systems.
Persistent listing  allows Bravura Security Fabric  to list changes as soon as they happen on the domain
controller to which the Persistent Connector Service ( agtsvc ) (on page 2874) connects. It makes these
target systems good candidates for a Source of Record ; it would update the Bravura Security Fabric
database and trigger any c on figur ed  aut omation  as soon as possible after  changes were made.
When persistent listing  is enabled:
▪Regular auto discovery  is disabled for the target system. The target system’s Run discovery button  is ▪
changed to a Start discovery button.  Click this button  to run the Persistent Connector Service on the
target.
▪The fir s t time  the Persistent Connector Service runs it will list all objects and will then just list changes. ▪
▪To stop the service, click the Stop discovery button  on the Target system in f ormation  page. ▪
▪If it is stopped, upon restart it will list all changes since it was stopped.▪
▪The domain controller that it lists from can be changed without losing data.▪
▪Target systems c on figur ed  in the address field  to use OU lists will work correctly. ▪
▪If you change what objects are listed, where objects are listed from, or which attribut es  are listed (for ▪
example, such as to change the OUs to list users or groups from):
▪Use targetsync ▪
Use the targetsync  program to synchronize the instance database state with the state from
target systems without blocking other high value r eplic ation  data for prolonged periods of time.
Usage
 targetsync.exe [options]...
Argument Description
-j Specify the number of targets to process in parallel
(default: 1)
-nolist Skip agent list updateArgument Description
-target Specify the ID of the target for which to run targetsync to
synchronize the state of the instance database. This
option  can be used multiple  times  to select multiple
targets
-targetmanual Select all manual targets
-wait Wait for discovery to complete
Examples
1.To synchronize the state of an Activ e  Directory target system AD and a Windows NT target 1.
system WINNT, type:
 targetsync.exe -target AD -target WINNT
2.To synchronize the state of all manual targets, process 2 targets in parallel and wait for discovery2.
to complete, type:
 targetsync.exe -targetmanual -j 2 -wait
to synchronize the instance database state with the state of the target system.
▪Stop discovery on the target system then use the Persistent Connector Service client program,▪
agtsvccli
The agtsvccli program controls the Persistent Connector Service (agtsvc)  (on page 2874).
Usage
agtsvccli.exe <option>
Argument Description
-c --cookie Cookie value to send to connector. This argument is for
developer use only.
-debug Debug logging is enabled for additional  diagnostics.
-full When s t arting  a list, do not c ontinue  the previous list.
This will result in a full list and load of all data.
-h --help Print out help/usage message and exit
-hid --host <host> Agent service host.
-infolist Shows s t atistic al  in f ormation  in kvgroup format for the
currently running persistent list target.
-i --listid  <ID> ID of the oper ation.
--loopcount Set a limit on list processing for the number of
incremental in t er ations  up to the specified  loop count
after  which persistent list will be terminated. Each
it er ation  is determined by the ’Persistent list search wait
time’  target address option.  If not specified,  the default
is ’0’ to run inde finit ely .Argument Description
-p --port <port> Agent service port
-showlists Show currently running lists.
-startlist Start a list.
-stoplist Stop a list.
-t --t ar g etid  <target> Target system.
-v --version Print out version and exit
Examples
1.To stop listing  on Activ e  Directory target system corpdirectory : 1.
agtsvccli.exe  -endlist -t corpdirectory
2.To make a new full list on corpdirectory : 2.
agtsvccli.exe -startlist -t corpdirectory -full
, to make a new full list with the -full option.
▪You can create a target system with persistent listing  enabled; there is no need to do a regular list ▪
before enabling persistent listing.
▪For LDAP , persistent listing  only works for Activ e  Directory Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS), ▪
formerly Activ e  Directory Applic ation  Mode (ADAM).
St arting  persistent listing  from the Start discovery button  for the target system or with the
agtsvccli client program without the -full option  will c ontinue  persistent listing  from the previous
list. If a full list to reload all data must be redone, this can only be accomplished using the -full option
with the agtsvccli client program.
The Persistent Connector Service by default will resynchronize accounts and groups when running a full
list. This means that when accounts or groups are not found during listing  and there are changes such as
for a modific ation  for the filt er s,  they will now be invalidated on a full list.
This option  can be disabled using the AGTSVC_RESYNC_ON_FULL registry key:
1.Go to Start menu, type regedit in the search box, and click on the program to access the Registry 1.
Editor.
2.In HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\<instance name>, create a DWORD2.
value called AGTSVC_RESYNC_ON_FULL and set its value to 0.
Manual listing
If auto discovery is not supported by your system or if for some reason you will not c on figur e  Bravura
Security Fabric  to collect in f ormation,  you must manually provide an inventory of login IDs and any other
items. This is normally done using a scripted (batch) process on the target system that lists, formats and
places the required files in Bravura Security Fabric ’s p sc on fig  directory.
You can create a SQLite .db file in the following way:1.Add a target as close as possible to the type of the target that can't be listed directly, but target a1.
reachable system.
2.Use the target system's List Override  option  to aut omatic ally  copy the list file during auto-discovery. 2.
See the Connector Pack  documen t ation  for an example for cr eating  a list file to support challenge-
response authentic ation  for RADIUS .
Exploring an e xisting  list file
List files since version 12.0.0 and Connector Pack 4.0.0 are sqlite3 databases ( .db files).
Their schema can vary from version to version.
Their table contents can be checked with any Sqlite3 client, using the or a .
The examples linked here are just examples, not endorsements.
Modifying listed data before loading
List files can be changed after  listing  from their targets or before loading into the Bravura Security Fabric
database in one of two ways:
1.Use an e xisting  loaddb component; for example, Functional.hid_loaddb_tr ans f orm  or Custom, that 1.
uses a policy table to specify changes to specific  listed objects.
2.If the fir s t method can not be used, or leads to consuming too many system resources, use a to run 2.
SQL commands directly against the list file via an sqlite3 command line utility .  Usually the plugin is
psupdate_loaddb_pre, however,psupdate_list_AD_post be used.
Both of these methods require knowledge of the component framework  or scripting ,  SQL, the schema of
the list files and the way each listed object type is processed. A Professional Services engagement is
recommended for these types of scripted in t egr ations.
Allowing users to specify a destination  container
You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to use a profile  and request attribut e  to prompt users for the
destination  container when cr eating  or moving accounts on a target system that supports contexts, such
as LDAP Directory Service, NDS, Exchange 2007/2010/2013/2016, and Activ e  Directory.
When the Pr ofile/r eques t  attribut e  to use as the container DN option  is c on figur ed  on the Target system
in f ormation  page ( Manage the system > Resources > Target systems ), users can:
▪Set the destination  container when cr eating  new accounts. ▪
Users do this by setting  the pr ofile/r eques t  attribut e  value in the request form. By default, Bravura
Security Fabric  creates new accounts in the same container as the template. Without the pr ofile/
r eques t  attribut e,  you may need to set up identic al  templates for each container.
If enabled when setting  the target system address, Bravura Security Fabric  can also create a container
if a non-e xisting  one is specified.
▪Move e xisting  accounts on the target system to a diff er en t  container. ▪Users do this by setting  the To container value – which is actually the pr ofile/r eques t  attribut e,  but
with a diff er en t  name – on the move accounts page. Bravura Security Fabric  only displays the move
oper ation  (the Move button)  for users with accounts that can be moved between containers.
To allow users to select a container for a create account or move context oper ation:
1.Add a pr ofile  attribut e  to provide a place to prompt the user for this in f ormation. 1.
It is recommended that you c on figur e  the pr ofile  attribut e  to have a set of restricted values, so that
the requester or product administrator  can select from a drop-down list.
2.Ensure that you set read/write permissions for the pr ofile  attribut e. 2.
3.Provide a group of users the ”Move user from one context to another” rule.3.
4.Update the Target system in f ormation  page ( Manage the system > Resources > Target systems ) by 4.
typing the name of the pr ofile  attribut e  in the Pr ofile/r eques t  attribut e  to use as the container DN
field.
This allows Bravura Security Fabric  to use the pr ofile  attribut e  for this purpose.
Hiding the target system on user-management pages
By default, target system in f ormation  is listed for all available self-service and adminis tr ativ e  user-
management options.  You can use the options  in the Display modules section  of the T arget system
in f ormation  page to prevent the display of the target system in the applicable module web page. This
only a ff ects  the display of the target system in the web interface; the target system is still referenced in
any appropriate emails.
This is useful if the target system is only being used for a single purpose (verifying passwords, storing
administrator cr edentials,  or as a read-only source of attribut e  in f ormation)  and is not a full password
management or provisioning target. It is also useful if you do not want the user to be able to apply any of
the options  available on that page to that particular  target system.
Cr eating  a list file and copying data from other targets
If you wish to copy the listing  data from one or more targets to use as the list file for another target, you
can use the Copy data from these targets, separated by commas, during auto-discovery  target system
option  as well as the Connector e x ecution  order  auto-discovery list and a post psupdate script for the
target that you are copying list data to.
This is useful for when a target does not have the ability to list accounts or other objects from the target
system directly.
One example is for RADIUS Authentic ation  targets, which do not list accounts directly. In this case, a
SQLite database list file must be created for the RADIUS target which would then associate users during
auto-discovery, so that users can authentic a t e  against the target system for RADIUS Authentic ation
challenge-response.
You can create the file by copying it from one or more other target systems such as from an Activ e
Directory target system.
You can c on figur e  this using the following steps:1.Copy the psupdate_list_AD1_post.py  script from samples to the <Program Files path>\Bravura Security 1.
\Bravura Security Fabric\<instance>\ script\ directory.
2.Rename the script file so that "AD1" is the target id of the target that you are copying listing  data to. 2.
3.Add a target system for the one that you will be copying the listing  data to; for example, RADIUS. List 3.
Accounts is checked for the target system settings.
4.Set the Connector e x ecution  order  so that the targets that you are copying data from are fir s t in the 4.
list and the target that you are copying data to is last.
5.Modify the target system settings  for the target that you will be copying listing  data to and set Copy 5.
data from these targets, separated by commas, during auto-discovery  to the list of targets that you
are copying data from.
6.Modify the post psupdate script as necessary.  For example, in the sample "AD1" refers to the target6.
you are copying data to.  "ADDN2" and "NT1" refer to the target systems that you are copying data
from.  "CORP" should be replaced with the domain name for your Activ e  Directory target.  These
modific ations  allow for the shortid  format of the user ids to be used instead the longid, which for
Activ e  Directory users, includes the domain name.
Con figuring  resource attribut es
It is possible to add resource attribut es  to this resource type; you can use resource attribut es  to create
and set attribut e  values for individual resources. Before you can do this, you must add the resource
attribut es  to at least one resource attribut e  group, and c on figur e  access to resource attribut es.
Adding target system administrators
To add a target system administrator  for a target system:
1.Navigate to the target system’s Administrator cr edentials  page  (on page 489). 1.
2.Type the target system administrator ’s login ID in the Administrator ID field.  These cr edentials  will be 2.
used to connect to the remote agent.
3.Type the account password in the Password and Con firm  password fields. 3.
4.If you want enable the target system administrator  to run Bravura Security Fabric  processes on the 4.
Bravura Security Fabric  server, select the Run as? checkbox.
By default, all connectors run the Bravura Security Fabric  processes on the Bravura Security Fabric
server as the local psadmin account. See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for in f ormation  about a
particular  system.
Any target system adminis trative  credential  used for the Run as?  option  must be part of the local
Administrator group on the target system.
5.If the account is a special-purpose system ID (required on certain systems), select the System 5.
password checkbox.
(on page 518)
6.If the target system is administered remotely, and if the target system administrator ’s password is 6.
managed by Bravura Security Fabric  , set the:▪Managed system o the ID of the managed system where the target system administrator ’s password ▪
is being managed.
▪Account ID o the login ID of the target system administrator . ▪
The account ID and administrator ID should be the same.
(on page 518)
7.If the target system is imported into Bravura Security Fabric  , then the cr edentials  could be 7.
randomized by a managed system policy. To keep the target system cr edentials  synchronized with the
password for the managed account, select the Updated by Bravura Privilege  Privilege? checkbox.
8.Click Update . 8.
If the target system’s administrator credentials  are from a domain account, then Bravura Security
Fabric attemp ts  to verify them on the target system. If they do not pass verific ation,  then these
administrator credentials  are not added for the target system.
Additional  target system administrators
You can de fine  multiple  target system administrator s so that if Bravura Security Fabric  cannot log into the
target system with the current target system administrator  account, because of target system oper ation
locking, the cr edentials  of the next target system administrator  in the list are used. You can also de fine
additional  target system administrator s if Bravura Security Fabric  requires a special system ID and password
to connect to the target system.
Any additional  target system administrator’s credentials  must be defined  firs t under the target system’s
local Administrator group before they are used.
System password
Some systems require that you supply diff er en t  login IDs to access diff er en t  parts of the system. For
example, on system XYZ, sysadmin may have adminis tr ativ e  access to the database backend and
sysuser2 may have connect privileges for the system front end. Using this example, you would select
the System password  checkbox for sysuser2 .
Check the Connector Pack Documen t ation  to determine whether system cr edentials  apply to a particular
target system.
Remotely administered target systems
A target system is remotely administered if its cr edentials  are stored on an external source; for example,
a Cisco router that stores its cr edentials  on an Activ e  Directory domain.
You can link the account cr edentials  from the external source, such as an Activ e  Directory DN target, so
that Bravura Privilege  can update the target system administrator ’s password when the source password is
randomized.
To allow Bravura Privilege  to remotely administer target systems, the TARGET CREDENTIAL ASSOCIATION
system variable must be enabled in the Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  menu. By default, this
system variable is enabled.From the target system cr edentials  page, click the 
  icon under ”Get cr edential  from Bravura Privilege ”
to select from the list of managed accounts. You must have ” Access” permission to the cr edentials  you
want to use here.
T esting  c onnections  for a target system
You can perform the following tests to help determine whether your target system has been set up and
added to Bravura Security Fabric  correctly (required client softw ar e  is installed, target system address
and target system administrator  cr edentials  are accurate, and so on). This is not supported for IT Service
Management (Ticket) systems.
Administrator cr edentials
For this test, Bravura Security Fabric  performs simple password v erific ations  using the selected target
system administrator s’ cr edentials.  The test uses the connector’s ’get server in f ormation’  oper ation.  As of
Connector Pack  1.3, this oper ation  is supported by the following target system types:
To run this test:
1.Navigate to the target system’s Test c onnection  page  (on page 489). 1.
2.If required, clear the checkboxes next to the target system administrator s whose cr edentials  you do not 2.
want to test.
3.Click Test cr edentials . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the results next to each target system administrator .
WARNING! Depending on your target system’s security policies, t esting  an invalid
password too many times  may trigger an intruder lockout on that system.
If you are unsure of the actual password, do not repeat this oper ation.
User lists
For this test, Bravura Security Fabric  performs a list oper ation  to enumerate user accounts on the target
system. The results of the list oper ation  are for t esting  purposes only and, unlike during auto discovery ,
will not be loaded into the database.
Listing  can be a costly operation  on the target system. When you click Test list , the operation  is run to
c ompletion  which may take a long time  on some systems.
To run this test:
1.Navigate to the target system’s Test c onnection  page  (on page 489). 1.
2.If required, type the Timeout (in seconds) for list oper ation . 2.
If there are many accounts on the target system, you may need to increase the timeout.
3.Click Test list . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  begins the user list oper ation.
4.Click Show users to display the contents of the generated user list file (<target ID>.test.db ). 4.Conversely, you can click Hide users to hide the list file contents.
While the list oper ation  is running, you can click the Refresh button  in the Bravura Security Fabric
na vig ation  bar to update the page status. When the oper ation  completes, the “Number of users found”
should match the number of accounts on the target system.
See also
The Test list  button  executes the testlist  program. See usage in f ormation  for testlist
Use the testlist  program to perform a test of the user list oper ation  for a specified  target system.
This program generates a SQLite-based user list file, <target ID>.test.db, in the \<ins t ance>\p sc on fig\
directory.
Usage
 testlist  -targetid <target ID> -timeout <seconds>
Argument Description
-h, --help Print out help/usage message and exit
-v, --version Print out version and exit
-quiet Only output result of oper ation
-t ar g etid  <target ID> The ID of the target system for which to perform the user
list oper ation
-testconnect Execute serverinfo oper ation  to test target c onnection
-timeout  <seconds> The timeout,  in seconds, for the list oper ation
Examples
To test the list oper ation  for your WINDOM1 target system, run:
testlist.exe -targetid WINDOM1
To execute serverinfo during the list oper ation  where list oper ation  will timeout  after  specified  seconds,
run:
testlist.exe -targetid WINDOM1 -testconnect -timeout 60
See also
This program is run by the Manage the system  (PSA) module when you click Test list  on a target’s Test
c onnection  page  (on page 519).
.