Aut omatic ally  attaching  accounts to Pr ofile  IDs
By default, account association  is based on account names (short IDs) matching Bravura Security Fabric 's
pr ofile  IDs, which assumes that integrated systems use the same naming c on v ention.  If some or all of
your target systems use standard IDs, you can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to aut omatic ally  attach
accounts on these systems to a pr ofile  ID. When a target system is created, this is set by the
Aut omatic ally  attach  accounts checkbox on the target system's General  page  (on page 494).
Certain integrated systems may use a diff er en t  naming c on v ention,  or sometimes  it is just certain
accounts that use a diff er en t  naming c on v ention  and therefore, cannot be associated based on account
name match. You can specify an Account attribut e  to aut omatic ally  attach  accounts to user pr ofiles ,
rather than use the short ID. If the target system is a:
▪Source of pr ofile  IDs, this is the attribut e  value that other systems can match against when attaching ▪
accounts; for example, a mail attribut e  or employee ID
▪Non-source, this is the attribut e  that matches the format of the pr ofile  ID; for example, where login ▪
IDs on your source of pr ofile  IDs target system are in the format jsmith@example.com, which matches
the value of InternetAddress on a Lotus Domino target system.
Make sure the chosen attribut e  is loaded from the target system and that it is populated for all accounts;
the accounts for which this attribut e  is blank or doesn’t exist won’t be attached  to any pr ofile.  If the
attribut e  has the same value for more than one account, all of those accounts will be attached  to a single
pr ofile.
Where aut omation  is not possible or limited, users can use a manual process to attach  alternate accounts
(on page 547).
Con figuring  attribut e-based  account attachmen t  using the loaddb component
The technique that associates users' accounts with Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  IDs based on attribut e
match  (on page 541) uses a p seudo-attribut e,  typically called "assocID", which is generated as part of
every auto discovery. This attribut e  is composed of multiple  values, providing association  link for those
accounts that will match either one of the values. All of those attribut es  with their values must be
available on the source of pr ofiles.
Bravura Security Fabric  ships the Scenario.im_corp_loaddb component as part of the standard
deployment. This component provides a plug-in with pr e-c on figur ed  settings  designed to aut omatic ally
generate the "assocID" p seudo-attribut e  and use it for aut omatic  accounts association.The plug-in assumes that the source of profiles  target is called "AD". If the target name is diff eren t,  then
the standard Scenario.im_corp_loaddb component will not be applicable.
Install the Scenario.im_corp_loaddb component from the web portal using the Manage components
menu  (on page 315).
Alt ernativ ely ,  the component can be installed from the command line using the following commands:
cd "C:\Program Files\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric
\<instance>"
\>instance.bat
\>python script\manage_components.py install Scenario.im_corp_loaddb
See Aut omatic  account attachmen t  examples  (on page 543) for c on figur ation  details.Aut omatic  account attachmen t  examples
The following use cases show you how to c on figur e  targets systems and a scenario component to achieve
aut omatic  account association  (on page 541).
Account name on the secondary target matches the user pr ofile  ID
In this example, Activ e  Directory is c on figur ed  as a source of pr ofiles  and a Linux system is c on figur ed  as a
secondary (non-source of pr ofiles)  target system. The Activ e  Directory account name is "johndoe", and
the Linux target account name is "johndoe".
No additional  c on figur ation  is required for this scenario. Run auto discovery to associate accounts with
user pr ofiles.  Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Auto discovery > Execute auto discovery .
Account name on secondary target matches account attribut e  on source of pr ofiles
In this example, Activ e  Directory is c on figur ed  as a source of pr ofiles  and LDAP is c on figur ed  as a
secondary target. Activ e  Directory accounts have an email address stored in the "mail" account
attribut es,  whereas LDAP target uses the same email address as an account name.
▪AD account name: johndoe ▪
▪Email address stored in the "mail" attribut e  of the AD account: john.doe@organization.com ▪
▪LDAP account name: john.doe@organization.com ▪
Configur e  the AssocID attribut e
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Install the Scenario.im_corp_loaddb component  (on page 541). 2.
3.From the main click Manage external data store . 3.
4. Con figur e  the assocID attribut e  in the hid_global_c on figur ation  extdb table as shown below. 4.Configur e  the Activ e  Directory mail account attribut e
1.Navigate to Manage the system > Resources > Account attribut es  > Target system > AD > Defaults. 1.
2.Find the "mail" account attribut e. 2.
3.Click Override . 3.
4.Enable the Load attribut e  values from target system  option. 4.
5.Click Update to save the changes. 5.
6.Run auto discovery to associate accounts with user pr ofiles.  Click Manage the system > Maintenance 6.
> Auto discovery > Execute auto discovery .
Account attribut e  on the secondary target matches an account attribut e  value on source of pr ofiles
In this example, Activ e  Directory is c on figur ed  as a source of pr ofiles  (non-source of pr ofiles)  and LDAP is
c on figur ed  as a secondary target. Activ e  Directory accounts have an employee ID stored in the"employeeID" account attribut e,  whereas the LDAP target has the same attribut e  value in the
"employeeNumber" account attribut e.
▪AD account name: johndoe ▪
▪Employee ID stored in the employeeID attribut e  of the AD account: 123456 ▪
▪LDAP account name: jdoe ▪
▪Employee ID stored in the employeeNumber attribut e  of the LDAP account: 123456 ▪
Configur e  the AssocID attribut e
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Install the Scenario.im_corp_loaddb component  (on page 541). 2.
3.From the main click Manage external data store . 3.
4. Con figur e  the assocID attribut e  in the hid_global_c on figur ation  extdb table as shown below. 4.Configur e  the mail attribut e  on Activ e  Directory
1.Navigate to Manage the system > Resources > Account attribut es  > Target system > AD > Defaults. 1.
2.Find the "employeeID" account attribut e. 2.
3.Click Override . 3.
4.Enable the Load attribut e  values from target system option. 4.
5.Click Update to save the changes. 5.Configur e  the employeeNumber attribut e  on LDAP
1.Navigate Manage the system > Resources > Account attribut es  > Target system > LDAP . 1.
2.Click Add new  on the Target system level overrides  tab. 2.
3.Set the attribut e  ID to employeeNumber . 3.
4.Enable the Load attribut e  values from target system  option. 4.
5.Click Update to save the changes. 5.
Configur e  the LDAP target association  setting
1.Navigate to Manage the system > Resources > Target systems > Manually de fined  > LDAP . 1.
2.Set the Account attribut e  to aut omatic ally  attach  accounts to user pr ofiles  parameter to 2.
employeeNumber.
3.Click Update to save the changes. 3.
Run auto discovery to associate accounts with user pr ofiles.  Click Manage the system > Maintenance >
Auto discovery > Execute auto discovery .
T r oubleshooting  aut omatic  account assignment
In any of the above scenarios, if account association  fails for any reason after  running auto discovery, use
the following command "force" the account association  r ec alculation.  From the util directory:
dbcmd -call -p LoaddbResyncAdd -param "\"A\" \"AD\" \"\" \"\" \"\" \"\"
\"\" \"\""
Note that the command is not supposed to return any message, unless there was an error.
This command should be used only once; it should raise an internal flag for the Bravura Security Fabric  to
clear any caches and skip any standard performance optimiz ation  logic the next time  it runs the auto
discovery. if after  the next auto discovery account association  is not established, contact Bravura Security
support .
Manually attaching  accounts
Bravura Security Fabric  can assign alternate accounts from multiple  systems to a single user through a
manual process to attach  other accounts.
When targets are not set to aut omatic ally  attach  accounts  (on page 541) during discovery, Bravura
Security Fabric  allows for user-directed or help desk attachmen t  of accounts to the proper users through
the use of the Attach  other accounts  (PSL) module  (on page 1185).
Allowing other users to attach  aut omatic ally  attached  accounts
To allow a user to attach  a non-standard login ID that is associated with another user, enable the Allow
other users to attach  auto-associated IDs setting  on the target system’s Target system in f ormation  page.A user can only attach  an account that is associated with another user if the account exists on an auto-
associated target system. A user cannot attach  an account that has been manually attached  to another
user’s pr ofile.
In the Attach  other accounts  (PSL) module’s default simplified  mode, users cannot attach  accounts that
exist on a target system that is a source of profile  IDs.
Allowing users to detach accounts
Set the default behavior for detaching accounts by enabling or disabling the PSL ALLOW DELETE option
on the Attach  other accounts  (PSL) module c on figur ation  page.
You can override the default behavior for individual target systems. To do this, set the Allow users to
detach manually -attached  accounts option  on the Target system in f ormation  page. Select:
▪Yes to allow users to detach accounts. ▪
▪No to prevent users from detaching accounts. ▪
Users cannot detach auto-associated accounts from their profiles.
Forcing users to attach  accounts
You can enable the Users must have accounts setting  for a target system so that if the Attach  other
accounts  (PSL) module is enabled (it is by default), the user must either already have an account
associated with this target system or must attach  an account on this target system before other self-
service functionality  is made available.
When the PSF FORCE ENROLLMENT setting  includes the psl value (default), users are redirected to the
Attach  other accounts  (PSL) module to complete their pr ofile  when they login. This is useful during the
enrollment phase in particular .
If this setting  is disabled for the Attach  other accounts  (PSL) module by removing the psl code from PSF
FORCE ENROLLMENT , users are reminded that they require an account on the specified  target system,
but compliance is not enforced.
Enforcing a minimum number of accounts
You can set a minimum number of accounts that users must have registered in their pr ofiles  by typing an
appropriate value in the PSL MIN ACCOUNTS field.
If users have not registered enough accounts, Bravura Security Fabric  can enforce this requirement by
dir ecting  users to the Attach  other accounts  (PSL) module  (on page 1183) after  they log in, and displaying
an error message.
When you change this setting ,  Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  schedules the psdonechk  program
to run once to check compliance. To modify the scheduled job, click Manage the system > Maintenance
> Scheduled jobs , then select PSDONECHK .Pr e v enting  invalid claims on accounts
To prevent users from attempting  to attach  accounts that do not belong to them, the logged-in user is
locked out of Bravura Security Fabric  after  a pr e-de fined  number of password authentic ation  failures. An
authentic ation  failure is counted only if an ID/password pair fails to match any account. For example, if
there are two accounts called “user1” on diff er en t  systems, and the password “mypassword” succeeds
on one account but not the other, no authentic ation  failure is counted. If the password does not succeed
on both accounts, an authentic ation  failure is counted.
This is controlled by the PSL VERIFY COUNTS  option,  which is enabled by default. If you disable this
option,  no failure is counted when an ID/password pair fails for all claimed accounts, and users are not
locked out of Bravura Security Fabric .
Manual account attachmen t  examples
When users have account names on systems that do not align with their chosen pr ofile  ID, you may need
to develop a process to manually associate accounts from those multiple  targets with the single user.
For the following examples it is assumed:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  is installed and includes a Bravura Pass  license. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system is added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪A Linux target system is also added that is not a source of user pr ofiles  and does not aut omatic ally ▪
attach  accounts.
Batch loading
Attaching  other accounts can be achieved by use of a text file that maps the accounts to each other.
During discovery, a check of the presence of <instance>\psconfig\malias.txt  will be made
and accounts will be attached  according to the contents of that file.
For this example, we will be assigning the adm account from the Linux target to the user abbiel from the
AD target.
Account entries in the malias.txt  file must be made in the following format:
"<Target system ID>" "<Login ID>" "<Profile ID>"
So for this example, enter the following into the text file:
"AD" "abbiel" "abbiel"
"LINUX" "adm" "abbiel"
Attach  using text file
1.Log in to the instance server as an administrator.1.
2.Navigate to the \<instance>\psconfig\  directory. 2.
3.Open a text editor and enter the account entries described above.3.
4.Save the file as <instance>\psconfig\malias.txt. 4.5.Log in to the Bravura Security Fabric  server as a superuser . 5.
6.Navigate to Manage the system > Maintenance > Auto discovery > Execute auto discovery. 6.
7.Click the Continue  button  and wait until  discovery is completed. 7.
8.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as ABBIEL. 8.
9.Click Attach  other accounts . 9.
10. Con firm  that adm has been added to attached  accounts and the proper Linux target is specified. 10.
11. Return to the main user page by clicking the Home icon. 11.
12. Click Change passwords . 12.
13. Specify a new password and c on firm.  Click Change passwords  to proceed. 13.
14. Verify that both passwords on the AD and Linux target are changed. 14.
15. Log in to Linux as adm to c on firm  that the password has been changed. 15.
Now we will use the help desk user to detach the adm account to set up the next example.  (on page 550)
Detach account
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as the help desk user. 1.
2.Click Help users . 2.
3.Find and select ABBIEL.3.
4.Click Skip authentic ation  when prompted for a security question  and click Continue . 4.
5.Click the Attach  other accounts  tab. 5.
6.Click the checkbox next to adm to detach the account.6.
7.Click Update . 7.
8. Con firm  that adm is no longer attached  to ABBIEL. 8.
Lab: Attach  accounts - simplified
This example demonstrates the attachmen t  of an account from the Linux system to an e xisting  Activ e
Directory account using the PSL simplified  mode. Unlike the advanced mode example  (on page 551), the
simplified  mode does not require in f ormation  about the target for the attached  account to proceed.
Configur ation
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Navigate to Manage the system > Modules > Attach  other accounts (PSL) . 2.
3.Ensure that PSL ENABLED  and PSL SIMPLIFIED  are set to Enabled . 3.
4.Click Update  if any changes are made to the settings. 4.
For this example, a user with an AD account named ABBIEL will add an account named "adm" on the
Linux system to their attached  accounts. The account will then be detached by the help desk user to reset
for the advanced example  (on page 551).
Attach  in simple mode