▪Create new user classes: Click 
 Add new… . See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for full details ▪
on how to create a new user class.
4. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 4.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  membership.
5.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match 5.
All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .
 Removing users from membership
To remove users from membership, you can:
1.Edit user classes to change the participan ts. 1.
2.Delete user classes from the membership criteria.2.
a.Navigate to the membership criteria  page where user classes are listed. a.
b.Enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want to delete.b.
3.Click Delete . 3.
Deleting  templates
When you delete a template in the Manage the system  (PSA) module, it is flag g ed  as disabled in the
Bravura Security Fabric  database. It is maintained for audit purposes.
Once a template is flag g ed  as disabled in the Bravura Security Fabric  database, you can delete objects
associated with the template; for example, authorizers, target systems.
Con figuring  resource attribut es
It is possible to add resource attribut es  to this resource type; you can use resource attribut es  to create
and set attribut e  values for individual resources. Before you can do this, you must add the resource
attribut es  to at least one resource attribut e  group, and c on figur e  access to resource attribut es.
Example: Con figur e  the template account
This example shows you how to c on figur e  a template account.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪You have installed Bravura Workforce P attern  so a basic template account on the Activ e  Directory target ▪
system has been added by the onboarding scenario component.
▪You have run auto-discovery successfully and listed accounts on the Activ e  Directory target system. ▪
▪You have an account named support_template  that you want to use as the model account. ▪
Configur e  the template accountYou can de fine  template accounts once you have run auto-discovery successfully and listed accounts on
at least one target system.
To c on figur e  the template account:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Resources > Template accounts . 2.
There is a pre-c onfigured  template account for the Active  Directory target system. This was c onfigured
when you installed Bravura Workforce P attern .
3.Select AD_TEMPLATE . 3.
4.Click the search icon 
  to the right of Account to clone when cr eating  a new user . 4.
5.Search and select support_template . 5.
6.Ensure the remaining in f ormation  is filled  in. 6.
▪ID AD_TEMPLATE ▪
▪ Description  !!!REF_TEMPLATE_BASIC_AD ▪
▪Target system  AD ▪
▪Account to clone when cr eating  a new user  support_template ▪
Leave the other settings  as default.7.Click Update . 7.
Configur e  authoriz ation
You must c on figur e  authoriz ation  before the template can be used. For now, make authoriz ation  not
required.
Set the minimum number of authorizers:
1.Select the Authoriz ation  tab. 1.
2.Set the minimum number of authorizers to 0.2.
3.Set the number of denials before a change request is terminated to 0.3.4.Click Update . 4.
You have now c on figur ed  a template account that can be used when r equesting  new accounts on the
Activ e  Directory target system.
Configur e  template-level resource oper ations
You can c on figur e  target systems so that templates inherit the resource oper ation  c on figur ation  settings
of the target system. You can also override the c on figur ation  for a template, or add implementers.
To override resource oper ations  so that accounts are created by a human implementer:
1.Select the Resource oper ations  tab. 1.
2.Select Implementer oper ation . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
4.Click Select … at the bottom  of the Implementers  table. 4.
5.Search for, or select the checkboxes next to the implementers that you want to assign to the resource.5.
6.Click Select  at the bottom  of the page. 6.
You have now c on figur ed  the template so that a human implementer is assigned to create the account.Roles
Roles provide a way of assigning requirements for a set of users. They are a part of a role-based access
control system, along with segr eg ation  of duties  rules.
In f ormation  regarding the role is de fined  in the following tabs:
General Contains role ID, description,  status of the role, number of users who are
c on figur ed  with the role, and segr eg ation  of duties  rules to which the role
belongs.
Authoriz ation De fines  the authoriz ation  requirements for the assignment of a role – how many
authorizers, and which authorizers. You can also de fine  how many authorizers
must deny the request for the assignment to be denied.
Entitlemen ts De fines  which resources are considered part of the role; the entitlemen ts  can be
mandatory or optional  and can include template accounts, managed groups, and
sub-roles.
Users Contains a list of users that the role has been explicitly provisioned for. There
may be users who meet the requirements of the role but for whom the role was
not explicitly provisioned. These users are not considered members of the role.
The in f ormation  on this page is aut omatic ally  generated.
Role enforcement The role enforcement engine can identif y  users who have excessive or
insufficien t  access according to their role and issue w orkflo w  requests to correct
the variance. This tab allows you to set role-level enforcement settings,  and
generate reports.
Assignment The aut omatic  assignment engine can provision or deprovision users from a role
depending on their membership in a user class. This tab allows you set
aut omatic  assignment setting ,  de fine  or attach  a user class and generate surplus
and de ficiency  user reports.
Role status 
When cr eating  a role you must set its status. For a role to be used it must be enabled. For a role to be
provisioned during a request to create a new user, the role must be assignable. So, if a role is:
▪Enabled: the role is activ e,  but can only be provisioned as a sub-role of another role. ▪
▪Enabled and assignable: the role is activ e,  can be provisioned as a sub-role of another role, and can be ▪
assigned to a user during a ”new user create” request or ”modify user” request.
Once created, a role can only be deleted if it has not yet been used (or assigned). Otherwise, it can
only be deprecated.
Role necessity 
When de fining  a role’s resource entitlemen ts,  you must specify whether the resource entitlemen t  is:
Required The user must have the resource. When assigning the role to the user, the user is
aut omatic ally  provisioned with the resource.Optional The user can have the resource, and if they do, the resource is considered as part of
the role for the user, but the user is not required to have it. When assigning the role to
the user, the user is not aut omatic ally  given the resource; it must be selected during
the assignment process.
Legacy The user may have the resource, and if they do, the resource is considered as part of
the role for the user. When assigning the role to the user, this resource entitlemen t  is
not available for assignment and cannot be provisioned for the user. This status is most
likely to be applied to a resource entitlemen t  that was required as part of the role at
one point in time  but now isn’t – it provides historical context for users that were
originally given the resource as part of the role. New role members are not assigned
this resource.
Sub-Roles 
A role can also be specified  as a sub-role of another role. For example, if role A is specified  as a sub-role
of role B, it means that role B gains role A’s resource entitlemen ts.  It also gains any specified
authoriz ation  requirements inherent in the sub-role or in its c onstituen t  resource entitlemen ts.  Sub-role
membership will not be granted to users; only sub-role entitlemen ts  will be provisioned.
Getting  started
 Requirements 
Before you start, it is recommended that you de fine  authorizers  so that you can assign them to roles.
Na vig ation  steps 
You use the Role in f ormation  page to c on figur e  general role in f ormation,  and to access additional
c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system >Resources > Roles . 1.
2.To de fine: 2.
▪A new role – click Add new... . ▪
▪An e xisting  role – search for, or select the role you want to view or modify. ▪
You cannot modify a deprecated role. You must restore the role firs t.
Cr eating  roles
To create a role:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636) for a new role. 1.
2.Click Add new.. . 2.
3.Type a unique ID and Description . 3.
4.Determine whether the role is Enabled . 4.5.Click Add. 5.
6.Specify whether the role is to be assignable.6.
7.Click Update . 7.
De fining  role authoriz ation
De fine  authoriz ation  in f ormation  for roles to:
▪Set the number of approvals or denials required for requests involving the role.▪
▪Assign s t atic  authorizers to de fine  who can approve requests based on the role. ▪
Users must be loaded into the Bravura Security Fabric database before you can de fine  them as
authorizers.
You must assign enough authorizers to meet the minimum number of authorizers requirement. If you do
not do this, requests involving the resource are aut omatic ally  denied unless authorizers are assigned by a
w orkflo w  plug-in.
Con figuring  phased authoriz ation
If phased authoriz ation  is enabled, navigate to the target system’s Authoriz ation  page, then:
▪Click Add new… if you want to add a phase. ▪
▪To change the order of phases, change the numbers in the Authoriz ation  phase column and click ▪
Update .
▪Select a phase to de fine  authorizers and settings. ▪Determining number of required approvals
To set authoriz ation  thresholds for a role:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636). 1.
2.Select the Authoriz ation  tab. 2.
Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
3.Type a value for the:3.
▪Minimum number of authorizers – A value of 0 means requests for the resource are auto- ▪
approved.
The default value is set by the MIN AUTHORIZERS  policy.
▪Number of denials before a change request is terminated – A resource request is canceled when ▪
this number of authorizers deny it, as long as the Minimum number of authorizers has not been
reached.
4.The default value is set by the MAX REJECTIONS  policy. 4.
5.Click Update . 5.
Assigning s t atic  authorizers
To assign s t atic  authorizers to a role:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636). 1.
2.Select the Authoriz ation  tab. 2.
Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
3.Click Select... at the bottom  of the Authorizers table. 3.
4.Search for, or enable the checkboxes next to the authorizers that you want to assign.4.
5.Click Select at the bottom  of the page. 5.
Note the following:▪When a request is submitted  to add or remove a role, the request must also be approved by each of ▪
the authorizers c on figur ed  for each of the role’s required resource entitlemen ts.
▪If any of the role’s required resources, such as a template or group membership request, is denied by▪
an authorizer, the entir e  role is denied.
▪A role is only provisioned to the user when all of the required resources have been successfully▪
provisioned.
▪The Denial blocks entir e  request flag should be unchecked for the authorizers if the role is only to be ▪
denied when optional  resources are denied, otherwise the entir e  role could be denied if an authorizer
is only intending to deny an optional  resource.
Assigning authorizers by user class
To assign authorizers to a role based on user class:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636). 1.
2.Select the Authoriz ation  tab. 2.
3.To de fine  membership criteria: 3.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want ▪
to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click 
 Add new… . See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for full details ▪
on how to create a new user class.
4. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 4.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  membership.
5.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match 5.
All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .
 Removing users from membership
To remove users from membership, you can:
1.Edit user classes to change the participan ts. 1.
2.Delete user classes from the membership criteria.2.
a.Navigate to the membership criteria  page where user classes are listed. a.
b.Enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want to delete.b.
3.Click Delete . 3.
Adding entitlemen ts  to roles
Once you have added a role, you can add resource entitlemen ts  to it, including accounts, managed
groups, and other roles you have already de fined.
Note the following:
▪A role should contain at least one account.▪▪Group memberships should be requested as part of a role that includes an account, or in addition  to a ▪
role. Do not create a role that only contains managed groups.
It is recommended that template accounts are not themselves members of managed groups. This
allows you to control group membership by including the group as a member of a role.
▪You cannot add a “closed” managed group (no membership changes allowed) to a role.▪
▪It is recommended that a role contains at least one required entitlemen t. ▪
▪If users are given the same resource from multiple  roles, they would only lose the resource when all ▪
roles that give them the resource are removed from their pr ofile.
▪You cannot add an entitlemen t  to a role if it would cause the role to be in violation  of an SoD rule. ▪
▪You cannot add a role as an entitlemen t  to another role if it will cause a cycle. For example, ROLE1 ▪
cannot be ROLE2 ’s entitlemen t  if ROLE2  is already ROLE1 ’s entitlemen t.
To add resource entitlemen ts  to a role:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636). 1.
2.Click the Entitlemen ts  tab, then the sub-tab link for: 2.
▪Account▪
▪Managed group▪
▪Role▪
3.Click Select... . 3.
4.Select the entitlemen ts  you want to include then click Select . 4.
5.Set the Necessity  (on page 635) type. 5.
6.Click Update . 6.
Next: 
Con figur e  role enforcement if required. See Con figuring  role enforcement  (on page 640).
Con figuring  role enforcement
The role enforcement engine can identif y  users who have excessive or insufficien t  access, and issue
w orkflo w  requests to correct variances. Global RBAC enforcement options  must also be set before
settings  for individual roles can take e ff ect.
To set RBAC enforcement options  for roles:
1.Navigate to the Role in f ormation  page  (on page 636). 1.
2.Select the Role enforcement tab. 2.
3.Select the Enabled checkbox. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the r esolution  settings.  The system default is displayed as the
“E ff ectiv e  setting ” .