▪ Pr ofile  ID in Bravura Security Fabric. This is default if all targets are removed from the Identific ation ▪
priority list.
▪ Pr ofile  attribut es,  if c on figur ed  (on page 830) ▪
That fir s t default requires a user-selected target on purpose, because depending on account association
logic, Account "johnd" can be associated to one pr ofile  on one target, and to another pr ofile  on another
target; for example, in diff er en t  target Directories (LDAP or Activ e  Directory domains) r esulting  from
company mergers, "johnd"can be a diff er en t  person in diff er en t  pre-merger companies.
So:
▪ Identific ation  requires you to choose a target from the provided list if there are more than one ▪
Sources of Pr ofiles  in the c on figur ed  product instance.
▪Once a pr ofile  was identified,  Authentic ation  can perform failover for the v erif y]oper ation  from one ▪
target on the authentic ation  list to the next.
Identif ying  users
In order to log into Bravura Security Fabric  using the Front-end , users must provide an identifier .  By
default, this is their login ID from the fir s t target system that you added as a source of Pr ofile  IDs.
The Front-end  PROFILE ID TAG is disabled by default. When the tag is disabled, users can only identif y
themselves with their login ID on a target system. When the PROFILE ID TAG is enabled, users can
identif y  themselves with their Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  ID, or their login ID on a target system.
The identifier  is searched for in the following order until  a match is found:
1.Target – the user’s account ID on the target system1.
2. Pr ofile  – the pr ofile  ID for the user’s Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile 2.
3.Admin – product administrator ID de fined  within the Manage the system  (PSA) module 3.
You can allow users to identif y  with a pr ofile  attribut e  value, such as email address, by specifying them in
the AUTH IDENTITY ATTRIBUTES setting  (on page 830).
If more than one option  is available, users select how they want to identif y  themselves from the
identific ation  priority list . When you add your fir s t target system, if PROFILE ID TAG is disabled, the target
is aut omatic ally  added to the identific ation  priority list. You must manually add any additional  target
systems.
Product administrators do not require an account ID on a target system. In this case, their credentials  are
stored in Bravura Security Fabric’s internal database.
Set up the identific ation  priority list
To set up the identific ation  priority list:
1.Click Manage the system  > Policies > Identific ation  priority . 1.
If necessary, search to narrow the list of target systems.2.Drag and drop one of the double dir ection  arrows in the Target system description  field  to change the 2.
target systems’ order in the list.
3.Click Update . 3.
You can also c onfigure  this list by entering a colon-separated list in the PSF HOST LIST variable in the
Manage the system > Maintenance > System variables  menu.
Identific ation  examples
Users choose an identific ation  target system
If the system is c on figur ed  as shown below, and the PROFILE ID TAG is disabled, users are provided with a
drop-down menu to choose how they want to identif y  themselves:
In this case, users see the following options:Users choose P r ofile  ID an identific ation  target system
When the PROFILE ID TAG is enabled ( Modules > Front-end  (PSF) ) users see the following options:Users must use P r ofile  ID
You may want to limit choices and just allow the user to logon with their Pr ofile  ID. You can do this by
enabling the PROFILE ID TAG and removing all target system identific ation  priorities:
In this case, users are only asked for their Pr ofile  ID:See also
▪Enable the PROFILE ID TAG and other Front-end options  (on page 1182). ▪
▪ Identif y  users with pr ofile  attribut es  (on page 830). ▪
▪Change the text that displays in the target system drop-down list for the PROFILE ID TAG option  (on ▪
page 3506).
Authentic ating  users
The Bravura Security Fabric  Front-end  supports multiple,  c on figur able  methods of authentic ation.
Basic c on figur ation
By default, when you add your fir s t target system, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  c on figur es  itself
to identif y  imported users by their ID on the target system, and to authentic a t e  them using the password
for their associated account on the target system. No additional  c on figur ation  is required.
Bravura Security Fabric  can also be set up to use security questions,  where users type answers to
personal questions.  This option  is only available to users after  they complete their security question
pr ofiles.
Bravura Security  strongly recommends c onfiguring  additional  or advanced authentic ation  factors. Relying
on security questions  is not safe, nor easily maintainable, so Bravura Security Fabric off ers  a larger set of
authentic ation  factors.
Bravura Security does not recommend security questions  as an authentic ation  factor for Bravura
Privilege.Modified  c on figur ation
You can modify the basic authentic ation  c on figur ation  to:
▪Change how the Front-end  identifies  users.  (on page 821) ▪
▪ Con figur e  the authentic ation  priority list for password authentic ation.  (on page 826) ▪
▪ Con figur e  additional  options  for password authentic ation.  (on page 827) ▪
▪ Con figur e  additional  options  for security question  authentic ation.  (on page 828) ▪
▪Enable additional  authentic ation  methods via Front-end  c on figur ation.  (on page 829) ▪
Advanced c on figur ation
Bravura Security Fabric ’s plugin architecture allows you to add external authentic ation  methods.  (on page
1032)
Authentic ation  chains  (on page 841) off er  more fle xible  authentic ation  options.
Authentic ating  against target system
Bravura Security Fabric  uses the authentic ation  priority list to determine:
▪Which target systems are trusted systems . ▪
Only target systems that have been added to the authentic ation  priority list are trusted and can be
used to validate users’ passwords.
▪The order in which to attemp t  to validate a password on target systems. ▪
Each target system in the authentic ation  priority list is assigned a ranking value depending on their
placement in the list. By default, Bravura Security Fabric  fir s t attemp ts  to validate a user’s password
against the highest-ranked target system on which the user has an account.
The number of target systems on which to attemp t  to validate a password is determined by the NUM
HOSTS VERIFY setting.  The default is one.
This is explained in greater detail in Con figuring  password authentic ation  (on page 827).
When you add your fir s t target system, if the Allow users to verify passwords  setting  is enabled, the
target system is aut omatic ally  added to the authentic ation  priority list. You must manually add additional
target systems if required.
Set the target system authentic ation  order
To set up the authentic ation  priority list:
1.Ensure that your target systems are set up to verify passwords.1.
That is, ensure the Allow users to verify passwords checkbox is selected on each applicable targets’
Target system in f ormation  page (default).
2.Click Manage the system > Policies > Authentic ation  priority. 2.
If necessary, search to narrow the list of target systems.3.Drag and drop one of the double dir ection  arrows in the Target system description  field  to change the 3.
target systems’ order in the list.
4.Click Update . 4.
You can also c onfigure  this list by entering a colon-separated list in the AUTH HOST LIST variable in the
Manage the system > Maintenance > System variables  menu.
Con figuring  password authentic ation
Users can prove their identities  by v alidating  their passwords against:
▪A target system that is set up as a trusted system . ▪
These users’ passwords are not stored in the Bravura Security Fabric  database.
▪A value stored in Bravura Security Fabric . ▪
This only applies to product administrator  s whose passwords are stored in Bravura Security Fabric .
In order to set up password authentic ation  for users whose passwords are not stored in Bravura Security
Fabric , c on figur e  the following:
Authentic ation  priority list The authentic ation  priority list  (on page 826) ( Manage the system  >
Policies > Authentic ation  priority ) controls the target systems that can
be used to validate passwords and the target system authentic ation
order.
NUM HOSTS VERIFY (optional) This setting  (Manage the system > Policies > Options ) controls the
number of target systems for authentic ation.
Increase the value of NUM HOSTS VERIFY if the authentic ation  priority
list contains more than one target system, and if you want Bravura
Security Fabric  to retry the supplied password on additional  target
systems before concluding that the user simply entered an incorrect
password value.
PSF IDENT AS AUTH (optional) Enable this setting  (Manage the system  > Modules  > Front-end ( PSF)) if
you want Bravura Security Fabric  to attemp t  to authentic a t e  the user by
verifying the supplied password against the target system chosen for
identific ation.  (on page 821)
PSF EXT Set this value to User-selectable or Password authentic ation .
See Enabling authentic ation  methods via Front-end c on figur ation  (on
page 829) for details.
PSFEXT VALUES Include password.pss .
Login process with password authentic ation  
The following example login process illustrates how the above settings  a ff ect  the Front-end :
1.A user visits the login page for the Front-end and enters an identifier  (a login ID on a trusted system or a 1.
pr ofile  ID) and a password.
2.If PSF IDENT AS AUTH is enabled, the Front-end  attemp ts  to authentic a t e  the user by verifying the 2.
password against the target system chosen for identific ation.3.If PSF IDENT AS AUTH is not enabled, or if the user entered a pr ofile  ID, Bravura Security Fabric 3.
attemp ts  to authentic a t e  the user by v alidating  the password against the fir s t target system in the
authentic ation  priority list.
4.If password v erific ation  fails, and if NUM HOSTS VERIFY is greater than one, Bravura Security Fabric 4.
contacts the next target system in the authentic ation  priority list.
5.The v erific ation  process c ontinues  until  authentic ation  succeeds or the number of failures equals the 5.
value contained in NUM HOSTS VERIFY in which case authentic ation  fails.
The process for the adminis tr ativ e  consoles is similar; however, Step 2 does not apply. In all cases Bravura
Security Fabric  uses in f ormation  from the user’s pr ofile  to determine the correct login ID for each target
system that it validates the password against.
Con figuring  security question  authentic ation
You can use multiple  Bravura Security Fabric  question  sets to authentic a t e  users. You can require users to
have a set that is user de fined,  in which the user de fines  both the questions  and the answers, and a pr e-
de fined  set, in which users de fine  only the answers.
Users can de fine  the questions  and answers in their pr ofile  in one of two ways:
▪Assisted by a help desk user  using the Help users  (IDA) module. ▪
▪For themselves using the Update security questions  (PSQ) module. ▪
In order to set up security question  authentic ation,  c on figur e  the following:
Question  sets Bravura Security Fabric  includes default question  sets
(on page 1024) that can be used to authentic a t e  users.
You can modify the default sets or add your own.
PSQ ENABLED The Update security questions  (PSQ) module – where
users populate their personal in f ormation  – must be
enabled if the DEFAULT_LOGIN authentic ation  chain
has been disabled. You can enable it by setting  this
value to On under Modules > Update security
questions  (PSQ) .
PSF EXT Set this value to User-selectable or Security questions .
See Enabling authentic ation  methods via Front-end
c on figur ation  (on page 829) for details.
PSFEXT VALUES Include response.pss
See also
▪You can enable authentic ation  methods with greater fle xibility  and security by c on figuring ▪
authentic ation  chains  (on page 841).
▪You can also set up enforced enrollment  (on page 1183) to force users to complete the security ▪
question  pr ofiles.
▪Bravura Security Fabric  can use external programs to retrieve security question  data  (on page 1032), ▪
and to validate answers in order to authentic a t e  Bravura Security Fabric  users.Enabling authentic ation  methods via Front-end c on figur ation
An authentic ation  method must be enabled before it can be made available to users. By default,
password authentic ation  and security question  authentic ation  are enabled. You can enable or disable
methods by c on figuring  the Front-end .
Alt ernatively ,  you can enable authentic ation  methods with greater fle xibility  by c onfiguring
authentic ation  chains  (on page 841).
To enable authentic ation  methods via Front-end  c on figur ation:
1.Click Modules > Front-end (PSF) . 1.
2.Select the appropriate choice from the PSF EXT drop-down list: 2.
Password authentic ation Users can only authentic a t e  using a password.
Security questions Users can only authentic a t e  using security questions.
User-selectable Allow users to select from authentic ation  methods
listed in PSFEXT VALUES , or custom authentic ation
chains.
3.Enable authentic ation  methods by including the names of programs or scripts in the PSFEXT VALUES 3.
field.
The field  accepts a comma-delimited list, which can include:
▪password.pss – password authentic ation ▪
▪response.pss – security questions ▪
▪Custom program or script▪
4.Click Update . 4.
Adding options  to the authentic ation  menu
When more than one authentic ation  method is enabled, the Front-end  displays a menu of available
authentic ation  methods to users after  they have been identified.
When password or security question  authentic ation  is enabled in PSFEXT VALUES , the option  is
aut omatic ally  included in the menu.
If you enable a custom authentic ation  method by including it in PSFEXT VALUES , you must edit the
Bravura Security Fabric  skin files to include the option  in the authentic ation  menu. See Adding to the
authentic ation  menu  (on page 3507) to learn how to do this.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can add a custom authentic ation  method to an authentic ation  chain  (on page 844), and
make that available in the default authentic ation  chain.Specifying authentic ation  methods within URLs
Once enabled, you can direct users to a preferred method of authentic ation  by specifying it in the
Bravura Security Fabric  URL, rather than providing a menu.
You can direct a user to:
▪A built-in authentic ation  module, such as password authentic ation ▪
▪An external authentic ation  method ▪
▪An authentic ation  chain ▪
For example:
1.The specified  user is directed to a page to verify their password: 1.
https://<server>/<instance>/?LANG=en-
us&USERID=<user>&PSF_EXT=password.pss 
2.The specified  user is directed to a page to enter responses to their security questions: 2.
https://<server>/<instance>/?LANG=en-
us&USERID=<user>&PSF_EXT=response.pss 
3.The specified  user is directed to the fir s t page of the specified  authentic ation  chain: 3.
https://<server>/<instance>/?LANG=en-
us&USERID=<user>&PSF_EXT=<authchain> 
Where:
▪<server> is the Bravura Security Fabric  server ▪
▪<instance> is the name of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance ▪
▪<user> is the user for whom you are cr eating  the URL ▪
▪<authchain> is the name of the authentic ation  chain to which you are dir ecting  them. ▪
Generally, or g aniz ations  set up a customized intranet page with links to Bravura Security Fabric  so that
users do not have to type the URL.
Users can only select custom authentic ation  methods if the method is enabled. Methods that are not
enabled do not appear in the authentic ation  menu and cannot be passed in the URL.
Login options
The following identific ation  and authentic ation  options  can be accessed via Manage the system >
Policies > Login options .
Identif ying  users with pr ofile  attribut es  instead of login IDs
You can use the AUTH IDENTITY ATTRIBUTES setting  (Manage the system  > Policies  > Login options ) to
de fine  a comma-delimited list of pr ofile  attribut es  that can be used to login into Bravura Security Fabric .
A pr ofile  attribut e  can be set as a secondary identifier  that will be treated the same as a normal login ID.
When c on figur ed,  users can login using either their pr ofile  ID or pr ofile  attribut e,  such as email address.