Group attribut es
The term group attribut es  refers to the attribut es  of groups on target systems.
Each target system type has a diff er en t  list of group attribut es.  Each target system also has its own set of
requirements for each of its group attribut es;  for example, an attribut e  may:
▪Be required (it cannot be blank)▪
▪Contain multiple  values ▪
▪Be writable only by the underlying OS▪
▪Have f ormatting  constraints (date, phone number, email) ▪
▪Require a specific  data type (binary, boolean, character, memo, numeric) ▪
▪Be dependent on other attribut es ▪
Read this chapter to learn about how Bravura Security Fabric  handles group attribut es  and p seudo-
attribut es  when managing groups on a target system, and how you can override its default c on figur ation.
See also: 
▪The Connector Pack Documen t ation  for in f ormation  about each target system. ▪
▪The documen t ation  provided with your target system softw ar e  for more in f ormation  about attribut es ▪
specific  to that system.
Handling group attribut es
Bravura Security Fabric  includes a “catalog” of shipped default attribut es  for each target system type. The
catalog includes each attribut e’ s  nativ e  name, and default requirements, c on figur ed  actions,  and
resource attribut e  mappings.
Attribut e  inf ormation  may not be available for some target system types (Telnet, Win32 Console,
database script target systems), this is because these target systems are generally custom applic ations
unique to each environment.
Bravura Security Fabric  uses the attribut e  catalog to determine rules for “handling” each attribut e  when
managing groups on a target system. The catalog also determines which attribut es’  values should be
loaded during auto discovery .
Bravura Security Fabric  enables you to override the default rules for handling group attribut es.  Using the
Manage the system  (PSA) module you can:
▪Control how groups are created, updated, or deleted▪
▪Determine which attribut es  to load during auto discovery ▪
▪Add new attribut es ▪
▪Map group attribut es  to resource attribut es,  or change e xisting  attribut e  mappings ▪Example: Mapping a group attribut e
The following example demonstrates how to map a group attribut e  values pulled from an Activ e
Directory target system to a resource attribut e  created in Bravura Security Fabric .
This example assumes that an Activ e  Directory target system has been added with the List group
attribut es  option  enabled, and that auto discovery  has been run.  
Add a new resource attribut e  
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut es . 1.
2.Click Add new… 2.
3.Enter the following values:3.
ID GROUP_TYPE
Description Group type
Type String
Minimum required number of values 1
4.Add restricted values:4.
a.Click the Restricted values tab. a.
b.Type Security in the Actual value and Displayed value fields,  then click More . b.
c.Type Distribution in the Actual value and Displayed value fields. c.
d.Click Update . d.
 Set resource attribut e  access controls 
To set access controls for the new resource attribut e,  add it to a resource attribut e  group:1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 1.
2.Select GROUP_INFO_CREATE. 2.
3.Click the Members tab. 3.
4.Click Select… 4.
5.Select the checkbox for GROUP_TYPE then click Select . 5.
The resource attribut e  can now used in group cr eation  requests.
Repeat this procedure for the GROUP_INFO_UPDATE resource attribut e  group if you want to allow users
to update the attribut e.
Map a group attribut e  to the new resource attribut e  
Override the default action  for the Activ e  Directory target system’s _groupType attribut e:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Group attribut es . 1.
2.Select the Target system override level. 2.
3.Select the Activ e  Directory target system. 3.
4.Click the Defaults tab. 4.
5.Search for and select the _groupType attribut e. 5.
6.Click Override . 6.
7.Set Action  when cr eating  group to ”Set to specified  value”. 7.
8.Set Action  when updating  group to ”Set to specified  value when mapped pr ofile  attribut e  changes”. 8.
9.Click the search 
  icon in the Map group attribut e  to resource attribut e  field. 9.
10. Select GROUP_TYPE . 10.11. Click Add. 11.
12. Con firm  the attribut e  mapping changes. 12.
The Activ e  Directory target system’s group attribut e  is now mapped to the Bravura Security Fabric
resource attribut e.
The following sections  describe options  and steps in more detail.
Selecting  an override level
There are two levels at which group attribut e  values can be overridden. Use the following override levels
to modify attribut e  behavior:
Target system Modify the attribut e  c on figur ation  for a specific  target
system.
Target system type Modify the attribut e  c on figur ation  for all target systems
of a given type.
Target-system level overrides take priority over target-system-type overrides. If you change the default
action  for a target system type, and change the same action  for a specific  target system, the target-
system level override determines the attribut e  action  when groups are created on the specified  target
system. All other target systems of that target-system-type will use the target-system-type override.
To select an override level:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Group attribut es . 1.
2.Select:2.
▪Target system type , select the target system type from the drop-down list, then click Select . ▪▪Target system , then select the target system you want to modify. ▪
Use the search function  if necessary.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Group attribut e  page for the level. Attribut es  for which default
settings  apply are listed in the Defaults tab. When you make changes to the group attribut e
c on figur ation,  the attribut e  is listed in the Target system type level overrides or Target system level
overrides  tab.
Overriding default group attribut e  c on figur ation
To override the default c on figur ation  for an individual group attribut e:
1.Select an override level.1.
2.Select the Defaults tab. 2.
3.Browse to select the attribut e  you want to override. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a page containing c on figur ation  in f ormation  for the attribut e.
4.Click Override to display the override c on figur ation  page. 4.5.Click Add at the bottom  of the form. 5.
Additional  c on figur ation  options  are now available to you.
6.Proceed to:6.
▪Changing the c on figur ed  action  (on page 616) ▪
▪Modifying attribut e  value constraints  (on page 617) ▪
▪Loading attribut es  (on page 617) ▪
▪Mapping group attribut es  to resource attribut es  (on page 618) ▪
▪Tracking group attribut e  changes  (on page 619) ▪
▪Specifying attribut e  values  (on page 619) ▪
▪ Deleting  specified  attribut e  values  (on page 619) ▪
7. Con firming  and t esting  changes  (on page 619) 7.
Changing the c on figur ed  action
The c on figur ed  action  determines how Bravura Identity  should create the group attribut e  during the
“create group” and “update group” oper ation.
To change the c on figur ed  action  for individual group attribut es:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Select the appropriate action  from the Action  when cr eating  group drop-down list: 2.
▪None – Ignore the attribut e  when setting  up a new group. ▪
▪Set to specified  value – Set the attribut e  to specific  values or according to resource attribut es. ▪You cannot select an action  that is not supported for the attribut e.
3.Select the appropriate action  from the Action  when updating  group drop-down list: 3.
▪Set to specified  value – Set the attribut e  to specific  values or according to resource attribut es. ▪
▪Set to specified  value when mapped pr ofile  attribut e  changes – Set the attribut e  to specific  values ▪
or according to resource attribut es  only when the pr ofile  attribut e  has changed.
▪None – Ignore the attribut e  when updating  the group. ▪
You cannot select an action  that is not supported for the attribut e.
4.Click Update . 4.
 Next: 
If the set action  for the attribut e  is Set to specified  value , do of the following:
▪Specify a resource attribut e.  Proceed to Mapping group attribut es  to resource attribut es  (on page ▪
618).
▪Specify values in the “ Attribut e  value” column. Proceed to Specifying attribut e  values  (on page 619). ▪
Modifying attribut e  value constraints
Group attribut e  value constraints determine rules for attribut e- v alue  c omposition.  By default, attribut es
are loaded as single-valued.
Group attribut e  value constraints must be c ompatible  with the mapped resource attribut e  or the attribut e
values you specify. For example, you cannot map a required group attribut e  to an optional  resource
attribut e,  or a single-valued group attribut e  to a multi- valued  resource attribut e.
To modify attribut e  value constraints:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Change the following fields  as required: 2.
▪Minimum number of values – determines whether an attribut e  is required. Type 0 to make this ▪
attribut e  optional  or type a number greater than zero to require a minimum number of values.
▪Maximum number of values – determines whether more than one value is allowed. Type -1 to ▪
indicate that there is no maximum or type a number greater than zero to set the maximum
number of values.
The maximum number of values must be at least as big as the minimum number of values.
▪ Attribut e  type – select one of the following types: Binary, Boolean, String, Memo, Integer or File. ▪
▪Encoding used to store value – select: No encoding, or Base 64. ▪
3.Click Update . 3.
Loading attribut es
During auto discovery , Bravura Security Fabric  loads a list of groups on target systems into its internal
database. By default, Bravura Security Fabric  also loads the most commonly used group attribut es.You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to load group attribut es  at the target type or target override
levels. To do this:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Enable the Load attribut e  values from target system checkbox. 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
Attribut es  must be listed before they can be loaded. If the List groups and List attribut es  options  are
not enabled for a target system  (on page 480), you must provide a list.
If you want users to be able to view or edit the attribut e  value, map the group attribut e  to a resource
attribut e. The  Load attribut e  values from a target system option  is aut omatic ally  set when you map to a
resource attribut e.
Mapping a group attribut e  to a resource attribut e  will enable a user to edit the attribut e  value, and the
value will be updated on the target system. However, only the values from the most commonly used
group attribut es  are loaded from the target system back to Bravura Security Fabric.
Mapping group attribut es  to resource attribut es
Resource attribut es  allow any number of group attribut es  to be mapped to a single value in groups’ data.
Several attribut es  are mapped by default; for example, the Activ e  Directory _container_dn attribut e
is mapped to the GROUP_OU resource attribut e.  Attribut es  that are mapped to resource attribut es  are
listed by default when the target system’s List group attribut es  setting  is enabled.
In order to map an group attribut e  to a resource attribut e,  the attribut es’  requirements (number of
values, attribut e  type, encoding) must be c ompatible.
To map an group attribut e  to a resource attribut e:
1. Selecting  an override level  (on page 614). 1.
2.Select a group attribut e. 2.
3.Choose the resource attribut e  to map to. You can either: 3.
▪Search for the resource attribut e ▪
▪Type the resource attribut e  ID in the Map group attribut e  to resource attribut e  field ▪
The Populate mapped resource attribut e  with values from target system will aut omatic ally  be
selected when the Map group attribut e  to resource attribut e  field  is filled  in and when the Load
attribut e  values from target system has been checked. You can disable the mapping of attribut es
by deselecting  this box.
4.Click Update . 4.
Mapping target system boolean attribut e  values
Pr ofile  and resource attribut es  in Bravura Security Fabric  represent boolean values internally using T and
F for true and false, r espectiv ely .  However, target systems may use values other than T and F to
represent boolean attribut e  values. Use the c on figur ation  settings  Target system attribut e  value that
represents [True]  and Target system attribut e  value that represents [False]  to ensure that target systemboolean attribut e  values are converted correctly to mapped pr ofile  or resource attribut es.  For example, if
a target system attribut e  uses 1 for true and 0 for false, then set Target system attribut e  value that
represents [True]  to 1 and Target system attribut e  value that represents [False]  to 0.
Tracking group attribut e  changes
Changes to group attribut e  values can be tracked.
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Select the Track changes option. 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
Specifying attribut e  values
Specifying fix ed  values will apply to group cr eation  and update.
The steps to specify attribut e  values for the "set” action,  when not mapping them to resource attribut es,
vary according to the attribut e  type.
Values set for Map group attribut e  to resource attribut e  will override specified  values.
To specify a character or number value for an group attribut e:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Set the Value type to Literal value or PSLang expression as appropriate. 2.
3.Type a value in the field  under the Attribut e  value header. 3.
For boolean type values, select True, False, or Unset from the drop-down list in the Attribut e  value
column.
For PSLang expressions, you can select an available expression from the aut o-c ompletion  list.
4.Click Update . 4.
If more than one value is allowed by the Maximum number of values , Bravura Security Fabric  adds
more fields  below the one you just entered.
5.If applicable, add more values, and click Update . 5.
Deleting  specified  attribut e  values
To delete an attribut e  value that you have specified:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Select the checkboxes next to the values you want to delete.2.
3.Click Delete at the bottom  of the ”values” form. 3.
Con firming  and t esting  changes
After  you have made changes on the override c on figur ation  page:
1.If required, c on firm  your changes. Click: 1.▪Yes (recommended), if you want to reload attribut e  values during the next auto discovery . ▪
In this case, Bravura Security Fabric  updates the SQLite-based list files that correspond to the
a ff ect ed  target systems (for example, WINDOWS1.db) with a full attribut e  list.
▪No, if you want to reload attribut e  values only when the attribut e  changes on the target system. ▪
This may help to speed up auto discovery ; however, it may also result in empty or out-of-date
attribut es  in the Bravura Security Fabric  database.
2.Click Back to return to the Group attribut es  page. 2.
The attribut e  now appears in one of the level overrides tabs.
3.If required, run auto discovery  to update your system. 3.
4.Test your changes.4.
Ensure that attribut e  in f ormation  can be listed (if applicable), and that groups can be created,
updated, and deleted successfully.
Adding group attribut es
You can add a group attribut e  manually if the attribut e  you want to use is not included in the ”catalog” of
shipped attribut es.  You can also add group attribut es  for custom applic ations  or systems with modifiable
schemas. Adding an group attribut e  allows you to override the default action.
To add a group attribut e:
1.Select an override level  (on page 614). 1.
2.Click Add new... at the bottom  of the Group attribut es  page. 2.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the c on figur ation  page.
3.Type a descriptiv e  value in the Attribut e  name field. 3.
4.If required, override the default settings.  See: 4.
▪Changing the c on figur ed  action  (on page 616) ▪
▪Modifying attribut e  value constraints  (on page 617) ▪
▪Loading attribut es  (on page 617) ▪
▪Mapping group attribut es  to resource attribut es  (on page 618) ▪
▪Tracking group attribut e  changes  (on page 619) ▪
▪Specifying attribut e  values  (on page 619) ▪
▪ Deleting  specified  attribut e  values  (on page 619) ▪
▪ Con firming  and t esting  changes  (on page 619) ▪
5.Click Add. 5.
Deleting  overrides and non-shipped attribut es
To undo the changes you have made to a shipped group attribut e  and return it to its default setting ,  or to
remove an attribut e  that was not shipped with Bravura Security Fabric  :
1.Select an override level  (on page 614), then select the attribut e. 1.