Part V CODESOper ation  codes
Oper ation  codes are logged in sesslog , and are used in g ener ating  event reports.
Some codes may not apply to your licensed products.
Oper ation  codes
Code Description
AAUT A help desk user authentic a t es  a user by typing answers
to that user’s personal questions.
ACEX A help desk user changes and expires a password from
the Help users (IDA) module.
ACHG The Password Manager service or T r ansaction  Monitor
Service changes a password for an account. The
password change can originate from the Help users
(IDA) module, Change passwords (PSS) module, API
Service or Password Change Notific ation  Module.
ACPS A product administrator c on figur es  Bravura Security
Fabric .
ACRF Failed to import a discovered system (administrator
cr edentials  could not be established).
ACRS Imported a discovered system (administrator
cr edentials  were set successfully).
ACUA An account is created on a target system and attached
to a user.
ADAT A connector queries target system address attribut es/
f orma ts.
ADIS A product administrator disables a user.
ADMG A product administrator adds, deletes or modifies  an
Administrator group.
AEDA Ex ception  approval added to a user for a de ficit.
AEDD Ex ception  approval removed from a user for a de ficit.
AEPA Ex ception  approval added to a user for a surplus.
AEPD Ex ception  approval removed from a user for a surplus.
AENA A product administrator enables a user.
AESA Ex ception  approval added to a user for a segr eg ation  of
duties  rule.
AESD Ex ception  approval removed from a user for a
segr eg ation  of duties  rule.
AEXA The T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs a connector to
expire an account on a target system.Code Description
AEXP The T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs a connector to
expire a password for an account on a target system,
without changing it.
AFND A help desk user finds  a particular  user in the Help
users (IDA) module.
AHLP A product administrator adds, deletes, or modifies
another product administrator .
ALGN A user accesses the Help users (IDA) module.
AMPS A product administrator manages Bravura Security
Fabric .
 APCH A help desk user changes own password.
ARPS A product administrator accesses the maintenance
menu for Bravura Security Fabric .
 AULK A help desk user clears the intruder lock-out on a group
of targets for a user selected from the Help users (IDA)
module.
AVER The T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs connectors to
login as the target administrator and verify a password
on an account.
CHKA A connector checks if an account is expired.
CHKE A connector checks if user is enabled.
CHKL A connector checks if user is locked.
CHKP A connector checks if password is expired.
CHNG User changes password.
CHRP Challenge-response (encrypted hard disks, RADIUS,
RSA).
CRTG Bravura Identity  creates a group on a target system.
DBCF R eplic ation  c onnection  failure.
DBEL Manage external database login.
DBCM Resuming commits since r eplic ation  backlog is being
processed.
DBCS Suspending commits due to r eplic ation  issues.
DBCR R eplic ation  c onnection  restored.
DBFP Failed database call has been recorded.
DBQF R eplic ation  queue failure.
DBTF R eplic ation  transmission failure.
DBWW R eplic ation  water mark reached.
DELG Bravura Identity  deletes a group on a target system.
DELR Bravura Identity  removes a role from a user.Code Description
DELU Bravura Identity  deletes an account on a target system.
DLGN Dashboard login.
DNAP A Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  is disabled.
DNAU Bravura Identity  disables an account on a target system.
ENAP A Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  is enabled.
ENAU Bravura Identity  enables an account on a target system.
FIDT An incoming SAML authentic ation  request is
successfully parsed by the system.
FATH An outgoing SAML assertion  response is successfully
generated by the system.
FATN An outgoing authentic ation  request was sent to the
external identity  provider.
FASR An incoming SAML assertion  was received from the
identity  provider.
GOGA Bravura Security Fabric  adds an owner group.
GOGD Bravura Security Fabric  deletes an owner group.
GOOD Bravura Security Fabric  removes an unknown owner
from a group.
GRBD Bravura Security Fabric  removes an unknown object
from a group.
GROA Bravura Identity  adds an owner to a group on a target
system.
GROD Bravura Identity  removes an owner from a group on a
target system.
GRUA Bravura Identity  adds an account to a group on a target
system.
GRUD Bravura Identity  removes an account from a group on a
target system.
GRGA Bravura Identity  adds a group to a group on a target
system.
GRGD Bravura Identity  removes a group from a group on a
target system.
GRPA Bravura Security Fabric  adds a parent group.
GRPD Bravura Security Fabric  deletes a parent group.
GRUP Bravura Security Fabric  updates a group.
GSAD A group set is added in Bravura Privilege .
GSDE A group set is removed in Bravura Privilege .
GSCI Temporary group membership checked in.
GSCO Temporary group membership checked out.Code Description
GSUP A group set is updated in Bravura Privilege .
HDIS A product administrator disables another product
administrator .
HENA A product administrator enables another product
administrator .
HULK A product administrator unlocks another product
administrator .
HUPD A target system is added, deleted, or modified  using the
Manage the system (PSA) module.
IDAL A user accesses the Help users (IDA) module.
IDDL Digital ID file is downloaded using the Digital ID (DID)
module.
IDGL A user accesses the Manage the OrgChart (IDG)
module.
IDOL A user accesses the Browse the OrgChart (IDO) module.
IDPL A user accesses the Requests app.
IDRG Digital ID file is registered using the Digital ID (DID)
module.
IDRL A user accesses the View and update pr ofile  (IDR)
module.
IDSL A user accesses the Manage deleg ations  (IDS) module.
IDUP Digital ID file is uploaded using the Digital ID (DID)
module.
IDVL A user accesses the Manage inventory (IDV) module.
ILGN A user logs into the Generate voice print enrollment
PIN (PSI) module.
IMAT Discovered account imported.
IMHF A system fails to be added to the list of managed
systems.
IMHS A system is successfully added to the list of managed
systems.
IMHT Discovered computer imported.
IMPA An implementer accepts an implementer task.
IMPD An implementer declines an implementer task.
IMPF An implementer reports failure to complete a task.
IMPS An implementer reports successful c ompletion  of an
implementer task.
INDL An INF file is downloaded from Bravura Privilege  to
install w ork s t ation  components.Code Description
IPLK Remote IP locked.
IPUL Remote IP unlocked.
ISID ID selected for IVR r egis tr ation.
KLGN A user logs into the Unlock accounts (PSK) module.
LATT A connector lists account attribut es  on a target system.
LCKA A help desk user is prevented from logging into all CGI
modules.
LCKU A user is prevented from logging into all CGI modules.
LDEL An alternate login ID is detached from a pr ofile  using
the Attach  other accounts (PSL) module or Help users
(IDA) module.
LDUP An attemp t  to add an alr eady -attached  login ID to a
pr ofile  is made using the Attach  other accounts (PSL)
module or Help users (IDA) module.
LLGN A user logs into the Attach  other accounts (PSL) module
LOCK The T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs a connector to
lock an account on a target system.
LUPD An alternate login ID is updated in the Attach  other
accounts (PSL) module or Help users (IDA) module.
LVER Bravura Pass  v erifies  the login ID’s password when a
user attemp ts  to add an alternate Login ID to their
pr ofile  using the Attach  other accounts (PSL) module.
MADD A member is added to a role.
MAVW Model after  - pr ofile  viewed.
MAED Model after  - request submitted.
MDEL A member is deleted from a role.
MSDL An MSI file is downloaded from Bravura Privilege  or
Login Manager to install w ork s t ation  components.
MSUD A managed system policy’s service ID is changed in
Bravura Privilege .
MUPD A role member is updated.
MVCU Bravura Identity  moves an account from one context to
another on a target system.
NADD A notific ation  is added in the Manage the system (PSA)
module.
NDEL A notific ation  is deleted in the Manage the system
(PSA) module.
NEWS A new session ID is generated within the same CGI
session by s t arting  a new oper ation;  for example, a
password change or account unlock.Code Description
NLGN A user accesses the User notific ations  (PSN) module via
a notific ation  message.
NOOP Bravura Security Fabric  runs a NULL oper ation.
NPCA A notific ation  pr e-c ondition  is added in the Manage the
system (PSA) module.
NPCD A notific ation  pr e-c ondition  is deleted in the Manage
the system (PSA) module.
NPCU A notific ation  pr e-c ondition  is updated in the Manage
the system (PSA) module.
NRCR A network resource is created.
NRDL A network resource is deleted.
NRUP A network resource is updated.
NRMV A network resource is moved.
NUPD A notific ation  is updated in the Manage the system
(PSA) module.
00BA Out-of-band addition.
00BD Out-of-band deletion.
OPC1 Custom oper ation  1.
OPC2 Custom oper ation  2.
OPC3 Custom oper ation  3.
OPC4 Custom oper ation  4.
PDEL A queued event in the Password Manager service is
deleted by a newer request for the same account,
before it is executed by a connector.
PEMF A token’s emergency access mode is turned off using
the Manage tokens (PSP) module or Help users (IDA)
module.
PEMN A token’s emergency access mode is turned on using
the Manage tokens (PSP) module or Help users (IDA)
module.
PINC A token’s pin is cleared through the Manage tokens
(PSP) module or Help users (IDA) module.
PIND A token is disabled through the Manage tokens (PSP)
module or Help users (IDA) module.
PINE A token is enabled through the Manage tokens (PSP)
module or Help users (IDA) module.
PINR A token is resynchronized through the Manage tokens
(PSP) module or Help users (IDA) module.
PINS A token’s pin is set through the Manage tokens (PSP)
module or Help users (IDA) module.Code Description
PINU Unlock a user token using the Manage tokens (PSP)
module or Help users (IDA) module.
PIQU A request is queued in the T r ansaction  Monitor Service.
PLGN A user logs into the Manage tokens (PSP) module.
PMCI Generic access checked in using Bravura Privilege .
PMCO Generic access checked out using Bravura Privilege .
PMIP Generic access partially  checked in using Bravura
Privilege .
PMOP Generic access partially  checked in using Bravura
Privilege .
PPCK The Password Manager service validates password
strength.
PPQU A password is queued for change in the Password
Manager service.
PSTR Password strength rules changed in the Manage the
system (PSA) module or Request privileged access
(PSW) module.
PWAR Access to a password on a managed system in Bravura
Privilege  is checked in by another user.
PWCI Managed system password checked in using Bravura
Privilege .
PWCO Managed system password checked out using Bravura
Privilege .
QADD A user adds a new security question  in the Update
security questions  (PSQ) module or Help users (IDA)
module.
QDEL A user deletes a question  in the Update security
questions  (PSQ) module or Help users (IDA) module.
QDON A user’s security questions  pr ofile  is completed.
QLGN A user logs into the Update security questions  (PSQ)
module.
QSEE A user views security questions  in the Update security
questions  (PSQ) module.
QUPD A user updates an e xisting  question  in the Update
security questions  (PSQ) module or Help users (IDA)
module.
RCMD Execute command or script via checked out multiple
accounts request in Request privileged access (PSW)
module
RENU Bravura Identity  renames an account on a target
system.Code Description
RPRO A pr ofile  ID is renamed within Bravura Security Fabric .
RLGN A user logs into the Password s ynchr oniz ation
r egis tr ation  (PSR) module.
RLUA The Bravura Identity  request system (W orkflo w
Manager Service or View and update pr ofile  (IDR)
module) is used to a role to a user.
ROAA An authorizer is added to a role
ROAD An authorizer is removed from a role
RPTR A report program is executed.
RREG A user registers self for transparent password
s ynchr oniz ation  in the Password s ynchr oniz ation
r egis tr ation  (PSR) module.
RSYN A token is re-synchronized using the Manage tokens
(PSP) module or Help users (IDA) module.
RTRB Import rule trial run begins.
RTRC Import rule trial run canceled.
RTRF Import rule trial run finished.
RUNR A user unregisters themselves for transparent password
s ynchr oniz ation  in the Password s ynchr oniz ation
r egis tr ation  (PSR) module.
RVGS A group set is requested using Bravura Privilege .
RVPW Bravura Privilege  receives a request to access an
account on a managed system.
SANS Managed account subscriber manually imported.
SERI A connector queries target system server in f ormation/
s t a tus.
SLGN A user logs into the Change passwords (PSS) module.
SMON A user accesses the Session monitor app.
SOAA An authorizer is added to a segr eg ation  of duties  rule
SOAD An authorizer is removed from a segr eg ation  of duties
rule
SRAD A recorded data censorship rule is added in Bravura
Privilege .
SRDL A recorded data censorship rule is deleted from
Bravura Privilege .
SRES A user changes own password on a group of targets
selected from the Change passwords (PSS) module.
SRUD A recorded data censorship rule is updated in Bravura
Privilege .Code Description
SSOC A SAML single sign-on session is successfully created.
SSOD A SAML single sign-on session is successfully
terminated.
SULK A user clears the intruder lock-out on a group of targets
selected from the Unlock accounts (PSK) module.
TAAA An authorizer is added to a target
TAAD An authorizer is removed from a target
TEAA An authorizer is added to a template
TEAD An authorizer is removed from a template
UEXA The T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs connectors to un-
expire a target system account.
UEXP The T r ansaction  Monitor Service runs connectors to un-
expire a password for a target system account.
ULCK The T r ansaction  Monitor Service or Password Manager
service runs connectors to clear the intruder lock-out
for a target system account.
ULKU A user is unlocked.
ULGN A user logs into a CGI module or the API Service.
UMAT Discovered account is unmanaged.
UMHT Discovered computer is unmanaged.
UPAT The W orkflo w  Manager Service is used to update
pr ofile  and request attribut es.
UPDT Bravura Identity  updates an account’s attribut es  on a
target system.
UPRS A resource is updated.
USUP A USERSTAT record is updated.
USSR Userstat search.
UXDL A UNIX key file is downloaded from Bravura Privilege  to
install UNIX w ork s t ation  components. (Not supported
in Bravura Security Fabric  8.2.x)
VERI The T r ansaction  Monitor Service or Password Manager
service runs a connector to verify a password for a
target system account.
VRRE The T r ansaction  Monitor Service or Password Manager
service runs a connector to verify a password for a
target system account. If the connector fails to verify
the password, the connector resets the password to the
specified  value.
VWUH A user’s pr ofile  history is viewed.