7.Assign privileges to the team groups:7.
▪Team Trustees  Team trustees ▪
▪Account Trustees  Account trustees ▪
▪Approvers Approvers ▪
▪Auto Approved  Auto_Approved and requesters ▪
▪Requesters  Requesters ▪
▪ Cr edential  Managers  Requesters and Cr edential_manag er ▪
▪System Trustees  System trustees ▪
The Cr edential_Manag er  privilege allows a user to override or randomize the stored password on a
checked-out account.Click Next .8.Set the initial  team trustees for the new team. There must be at least one team trustee to create a 8.
team.
9.Click Submit . 9.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
10. Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 10.
Once the request has been approved, the team will be c on figur ed.
Add users to the additional  groups in the team.
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as a team trustee.1.
2.From the home page, click Manage resources . 2.
3.Click Team: Manage Group Membership . 3.
4.Select the Vault-Team.4.
Click Next .
5.Select the Account Trustees, Approvers, Auto Approved, Requesters, System Trustees, Vault Trustees,5.
Cr edential  Managers and Team Trustees groups.Click Next .
6.Add members to each team group.6.
7.Click Submit . 7.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
8.Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 8.
Once submitted  and approved, the group’s membership will be updated with the users that have been
selected.
Onboard the Corporate AD system
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as a superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system > Privileged access > Managed systems 2.
3.Select the Corporate AD managed system.3.
4.Enter the name of the team that will manage this system4.5.Click Update . 5.
Onboard Corporate AD accounts to a team
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as the account trustee for the corporate AD team.1.
2.Click Manage Resources . 2.
3.Click Account: Onboard . 3.
4.Select an account to be managed by the corporate AD team.4.Click Next .
5.Select the standard policy as the Managed System Policy ID . 5.
6.Enable View and Copy Password . 6.
Click Next .7.Select the Corporate AD Accounts Team as the account team. 7.
8.Click Next . 8.
9.Click Next . 9.
10. Enable Allow override and r andomiz ation  of password . 10.
11. Click Submit . 11.
Once the request has been approved, trustees of the AD Corporate team can manage accounts on this
system.
Example: Onboard accounts for a personal admin
Instead of requesters on a team being granted access to an onboarded account, account trustees can give
a specific  user exclusive access to the account, regardless of team. The user, referred to as the personal
admin, would be able to check out an account without needing authoriz ation.  The access will also be
aut omatic ally  checked out (for 12 hours by default) at login.
Install the Scenario.pam_personal_admin component
1.Log in to Front-end (PSF) as a superuser.1.
2.From the main menu click Manage components. 2.
3.Search and select the checkbox for required components.3.
4.Click Install component(s) . 4.
The panel on the right will indicate when the ins t allation  is complete.
for this example.
Any managed systems onboarded before the scenario is installed will need to be manually binded to the
PERSONAL_ADMIN_ACCOUNTS managed system policy. This example will onboard accounts from the
Corporate AD target system.
1.Log into Front-end  as a superuser. 1.
2.From the main menu click Manage components >  RefBuild . 2.
3.Select the checkbox for Scenario.pam_personal_admin_management.3.
4.Click Install component(s) . 4.
The panel on the right will indicate when the ins t allation  is complete.
5. Con figur e  the Corporate AD target system 5.
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Target systems > Manually de fined . 1.
2.Select the Corporate AD target system.2.
3.Click Change next to the Address field  and enter the domain for your environment. 3.
4.Click Continue . 4.
5.Click Update . 5.
6.Click the Cr edentials  tab. 6.
7.Enter your target’s cr edentials. 7.
8.Click Update . 8.9.Click Maintenance > Auto discovery Execute auto discovery . 9.
10. Click Continue . 10.
with the additional  step of selecting  Aut omatic ally  create a Privileged Access Manager managed
system .
6.Click Privileged access > Managed system policies . 6.
7.Select the PERSONAL_ADMIN_ACCOUNTS managed system policy.7.
8.Click the Member systems tab. 8.
9.Click Add new... . 9.
10. Select the Corporate AD managed system and click Select . 10.
11. Log into Front-end (PSF) as the account trustee for the corporate AD team. 11.
12. Click Manage Resources . 12.
13. Click Account: Onboard . 13.
14. Select an account to be managed by the corporate AD team. 14.
Click Next .
15. Select the Personal administrator access policy as the Managed SystemPolicy ID . 15.
16. Select disclosure options,  as needed. 16.
Click Next .
17. Select a user to be the privileged access owner (the personal admin) 17.
18. Click Next . 18.
19. Select session monitoring options,  if desired. 19.
20. Click Next . 20.
21. Enable Allow override and r andomiz ation  of password , if desired. 21.
22. Click Submit . 22.
Once the request has been approved, the personal admin will have instant access to the onboarded
account the next time  they log in.
Example: Create an OTP API user
This example demonstrates how to create an OTP API user that can be used to retrieve managed account
passwords using pamutil .
Requirements
This example requires managed accounts to be onboarded. See Example: Onboard users from an Activ e
Directory target  (on page 2267) for an example.
Create an OTP API group
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as a team trustee for the corporate AD accounts team.1.
2.Use the Team: Update PDR. 2.3.Select the Corporate AD Accounts Team . 3.
4.Add a new group called OTP API Trustee . 4.
5.Provide this group with OTP trustee privileges.5.
6.Submit the request.6.
7.Use the Team: Management Group Membership PDR. 7.
8.Add a user to the OTP API Trustee group. 8.
OTP trustees are users who can make OTP API account management requests.
Create an OTP_User
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as a user from the OTP API Trustee group created in Create an OTP API group 1.
(on page 2279).
Only an otp_api trustee can see the P AMUtil:  Create OTP API User PDR.
2.Click the P AMUtil:  Create OTP API User PDR. 2.
3.Choose the Corporate AD Accounts Team as the System Team. 3.
4.Click Next . 4.
5.Add a PAM OTP Account Description 5.
6.Select the managed accounts onboarded earlier.6.