To allow the new registry value to take e ff ect,  you can either restart the computer, or the NPS service by
itself.
If you c onfigured  a custom public domain name in Azure, you can avoid needing to c onfigure  custom
authentic ation  attribut es  by having users under the same domain name on both local AD and Azure AD.
See Azure AD documen t ation  for how to sync users using custom domain: http s://docs.microsoft.c om/ en-
us/az ure/active-direct or y/fundamen t als/add-cus t om-domain .Next
You can integrate Azure MFA with Bravura Security Fabric  (on page 880) by adding a RADIUS target
system and a custom authentic ation  chain.
T r oubleshooting
If you have Activ e  Directory connect sync issues, see:
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/ cloud-s ync/ho w -t o-tr oubleshoot#r epairing-the-
the-cloud-s ync-ser vice-acc oun t .
If you have NPS extension issues, you can download Azure MFA NPS extension health check script:
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ samples/ az ur e-samples/ az ur e-m f a-np s-e x t ension-health-check/ az ur e-
m f a-np s-e x t ension-health-check/
The report of test errors on Azure URLs (i.e. http s://login.microsoftonline.com  or http s://
adnotific ations. windo wsaz ure.c om)  is inaccurate. It may still report those errors even when Azure MFA is
actually working without issue.
The most useful applic ation  for tr oubleshooting  of RADIUS request errors is the Event Viewer on the NPS
server.By looking into the events recorded in Event Viewer, you may be able to find the cause of common errors
like request not received, incorrect attribut e  in the request, request timed  out and , request rejected
among others.In t egr ating  Azure MFA with Bravura Security Fabric
Once you have set up Azure MFA using RADIUS NPS  (on page 881), you must do the following to integrate
Azure MFA with Bravura Security Fabric :
1. Con figur e  the RADIUS Authentic ation  target system  (on page 904). 1.
2. Con figur e  the Azure MFA authentic ation  chain  (on page 906). 2.
These steps are detailed below.
Con figur e  the RADIUS Authentic ation  target system
To c on figur e  the RADIUS Authentic ation  target to support Azure MFA in t egr ation  using RADIUS NPS:
1.Create a new RADIUS Authentic ation  target system  that will communicate with the Network Policy 1.
Server that is hosting  the Azure MFA NPS extension.
2.In the target address page c on figur e  the following parameters: 2.
▪Server:  Set this to the DNS hostname or IP address of your NPS server that contains the Azure MFA ▪
NPS extension.
▪Port: Port on which the RADIUS server will accept c onnections  by default is port 1812. ▪
▪Skip password authentic ation?  Select this option..  This will skip the primary authentic ation  step ▪
when c ommunic ating  with the NPS server so that only the MFA step is required.
▪Placeholder password to use when skipping password authentic ation:  Set this to any value. For ▪
example; ignoreme . This value will be used in place of asking for the password. Since the NPS
server will also ignore this any value can be used.
▪ Additional  RADIUS attribut es  Set this with at least an "NAS -identifier"  attribut e.  Each RADIUS ▪
request must contain this attribut e  otherwise the request will be rejected by the NPS server. The
value of this attribut e  can be any identifier  you like.
▪In the Advanced section  c on figur e  another target system to use for a list of users when performing ▪
RADIUS authentic ation.  Since the radius protocol does not support listing ,  the set of user ID’s is
copied from another target system. Typically this would be the Activ e  Directory target system.
List Override:  set to: {action=copy;srcTargetId=<TARGETID OF AD>;}As described in Cr eating  a list file to support challenge-response authentic ation  in the Connector
Pack  documen t ation,  when you need to copy a list from an Activ e  Directory target, you should set
the list override to something like
"{action=copy;srcTargetId=ADDN;script=listoverride.py;postHook=replaceLongIdWithShortId;}" .
If you used an alt ernativ e  attribut e  for NPS extension, you can set the list override to something
like "{action=copy;srcTargetId=ADDN;}" without needing postHook .
3. Con figur e  the adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the target. For RADIUS in t egr ations  Bravura Security 3.
Fabric  leverages the shared secret that is c on figur ed  on the NPS server side. This shared secret is used
as the Administrator Password for the target system. The Administrator ID is ignored.
▪Administrator ID:  Set this to “shared_secret” or similar the value itself is ignored. ▪
▪Password : Set this to the value of the shared secret that is c on figur ed  on the NPS server. ▪
4.Ensure that you c on figur e  the target order using Maintenance > Auto discovery > Connector 4.
e x ecution.  Ensure the Activ e  Directory target system is listed before the RADIUS target system, so that
the RADIUS target system can copy the list file successfully.
There is no need to add the Azure AD target to the Bravura Security Fabric  instance.
Once both Activ e  Directory and Radius target systems added to the Bravura Security Fabric  instance and
users are loaded into the Bravura Security Fabric  instance using auto discovery  (on page 2716) or
psupdate , you can log on to the Bravura Security Fabric  instance using the loaded users.
Next
Con figur e  the Azure MFA authentic ation  chain.
Con figur e  the Azure MFA authentic ation  chain
To c on figur e  the Azure MFA authentic ation  chain:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Authentic ation  chains > Custom. 1.
2.Click Add New..  to create a new authentic ation  chain. 2.
3.Give the authentic ation  chain a name and description: 3.
▪Name:  AZURE_MFA ▪
▪ Description:  Azure MFA ▪4. After  cr eating  the chain in the modules section  click Add new… 4.
▪In the module drop-down select Connector pack agent. ▪
▪For control type select required. ▪
▪For description  enter a description  for this module; for example, Azure MFA. ▪
▪Click Update. ▪
5. After  clicking update c on figur e  the rest of the module settings: 5.
▪Target system to use for address and cr edentials:  select the RADIUS target that was c on figur ed  in ▪
the previous step.
▪Password v erific ation  oper ation:  Select "Challenge response authentic ation". ▪
▪Click Update. ▪6.Click Enable  to enable the authentic ation  chain and make it available. 6.
7.Add the new custom authentic ation  chain to the front-end login authentic ation  chain  (on page 861). 7.
This front-end login authentic ation  chain allows users to use Azure MFA through RADIUS for
passwordless login, thus users can receive the push notific ation  on the mobile phone to approve the
login request.End users should now be able to log into Bravura Security Fabric  by selecting  Azure MFA  (on page 910) as
one of the authentic ation  methods.
You can also c on figur e  the authentic ation  chain diff er en tly  to use Azure MFA as part of two-factor
authentic ation:Before Azure MFA can be available to use at Bravura Security Fabric instance login, the NPS server must
be running, and auto discovery or psupdate should have successfully processed the NPS server target.
If the NPS server is shut down, or cannot be contacted by the Bravura Security Fabric  instance, the
pr ofiles  of the NPS server target will be disabled at the next auto discovery. At that time,  Azure MFA will
not be listed on the Choose an authentic ation  method  page.
Logging in using Azure MFA
Before using Azure MFA for Bravura Security Fabric  instance login, ensure the user has already completed
Azure portal login at least once using Azure MFA, and user has registered on the Micr osoft  Authentic a t or
app to receive Azure MFA push notific ations.
If authentic ation  chains are c on figur ed  as described above  (on page 906), end users can log into Bravura
Security Fabric  login using Azure MFA:
1.Enter the user name on the instance login page.1.