Browser driver: pswxdom
Use an alt ernative  disclosure plugin, such as Website access disclosure plugins  (on page 2010), as
Internet Explorer is no longer a supported browser. For inf ormation  about pswxdom  see documen t ation
for 12.5  or older.
Installing nativ e  access disclosure plugins
Nativ e  access disclosure plugins can be used with the following browsers:
▪ Micr osoft  Edge ▪
▪Mozilla Firefox▪
▪Google Chrome▪
If access to the password includes insecure access to the password with pswxview , then deploying access
disclosure plugins is not required.
Native  access disclosure plugins only work on Windows. Mac OSX and other operating  systems are not
supported.
Mozilla Firefox
On Firefox access disclosure plugins can be installed by:
▪Allowing users to install both the Bravura Security browser add-on and firefox-extension- ▪
x64.msi  at the time  of check out
The nativ e  extension, firefox-extension-x64.msi  can be deployed using a Group Policy or a
System Center Con figur ation  Manager (SMS)
▪Using a one-time  disclosure method ▪
You can launch access disclosure plugins using the one-time  disclosure method. These plugins have
the same functionality  as the nativ e  access disclosure plugins and do not require additional  softw ar e,
however they are good for one-time  use only. The one-time  disclosure is available as an executable
that can be run directly or downloaded to be run on a diff er en t  w ork s t ation.  A new executable needs
to be generated in order to view the access disclosure plugin again.
You can c on figur e  messages  (on page 1950) to display to users how much check-out time  is remaining
and that the check-out time  has expired.
When a one-time  disclosure plug-in is downloaded and executed, the plug-in will check with Bravura
Privilege to determine how much time  is left in the checkout, or if the authorized interval has expired.
This also applies to one-time  plug-ins that have been saved for future use.
The one-time  disclosure option  is enabled by default. End-users may be able to see this option  if the
nativ e  access disclosure plugins are not yet installed or are disabled. When the one-time  disclosure
option  is disabled, the option  will be grayed out.
To disable one-time  disclosures:
1.Go to Manage the system  > Modules  > Privileged access . 1.2.Set PAM ALLOW ONE TIME DISCLOSURE to Disabled . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
Use Case: Firefox
This use case demonstrates the typical w orkflo w  a user will experience the fir s t time  a nativ e  access
disclosure plugin is used in Firefox.
This use case assumes firefox-extension-x64.msi  has not been deployed using a Group Policy
or system Center Con figur ation  Manager (SMS)
1.Check out an and click on the disclosure (copy or display). 1.
2.Click Install fir e f o x  add-on. 2.
3.Click Continue  to Ins t allation  when prompted to install add-on. 3.
4.Click Add when prompted to add Bravura Security browser add-on. 4.
The Bravura Security browser add-on should be added, as indicated by the  icon on address bar.
5.Return to the check- out screen and Install nativ e  add-on  should be displayed. This may require 5.
refreshing the screen.
6.Click Install nativ e  add-on . 6.
7.Save fir e f o x -e xt ension- x64.msi. 7.
8.Run the MSI installer.8.
9. After  the extension is installed, restart the browser. 9.
Return to the check-out page and the disclosure should be launched when you click it.
Google Chrome and Micr osoft  Edge
On Google Chrome and Micr osoft  Edge access disclosure plugins can be installed by:
▪Allowing users to install both the Bravura Security browser extension and browser-extension- ▪
win-x86.msi  at the time  of check out
The nativ e  extension, browser-extension-win-x86.msi  can be deployed using a Group
Policy or a System Center Con figur ation  Manager (SMS)
The Bravura Security browser extension is available from the Chrome web store
▪Using a one-time  disclosure method ▪
You can launch access disclosure plugins using the one-time  disclosure method. These plugins have
the same functionality  as the nativ e  access disclosure plugins and do not require additional  softw ar e,
however they are good for one-time  use only. The one-time  disclosure is available as an executable
that can be run directly or downloaded to be run on a diff er en t  w ork s t ation.  A new executable needs
to be generated in order to view the access disclosure plugin again.
You can c on figur e  messages  (on page 1950) to display to users how much check-out time  is remaining
and that the check-out time  has expired.When a one-time  disclosure plug-in is downloaded and executed, the plug-in will check with Bravura
Privilege to determine how much time  is left in the checkout, or if the authorized interval has expired.
This also applies to one-time  plug-ins that have been saved for future use.
The one-time  disclosure option  is enabled by default. End-users may be able to see this option  if the
nativ e  access disclosure plugins are not yet installed or are disabled. When the one-time  disclosure
option  is disabled, the option  will be grayed out.
To disable one-time  disclosures:
1.Go to Manage the system  > Modules  > Privileged access . 1.
2.Set PAM ALLOW ONE TIME DISCLOSURE to Disabled . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
Use Case: Check out an account in Chrome or Edge:
This use case demonstrates the typical w orkflo w  a user will experience the fir s t time  a nativ e  access
disclosure plugin is used in Chrome or Edge.
This use case assumes browser-extension-win-x64.msi  has not been deployed using a Group
Policy or system Center Con figur ation  Manager (SMS).
1.Check out a vault account and click on the disclosure (copy or display). 1.
2.Click Install chrome extension. 2.
A new browser tab with the Bravura Security browser extension in the Chrome Web store is opened.
3.Click Add to Chrome. 3.
4.Click Add when prompted to add Bravura Security browser extension. 4.
The Browser Extension should be added, as indicated by the icon on address bar.
5.When you return the check-out page, Install nativ e  extension  should be displayed . This may require 5.
refreshing the screen.
6.Click Install nativ e  extension.  You may be prompted to save browser-extension-win- 6.
x86.msi , or it will be aut omatic ally  saved.
7.Run the MSI installer.7.
8. After  the extension is installed, restart the browser. 8.
9.Return to the check-out page and the disclosure should launch when you click on it.9.
Installing Activ eX  controls with ppm-activ e x -c on tr ols.msi
Installing ActiveX  controls is no longer a supported method. See documen t ation  for Bravura Security
Fabric  version 12.5  or older if you need inf ormation  about this feature..
Installing JavaScript controls with MSI installers
An MSI installer is available for download when users attemp t  to access a password without installing the
browser extension for Chrome or Firefox fir s t:▪browser-extension-win-x86.msi for Chrome ▪
▪firefox-extension-win-x64.msi for Firefox browsers on a Windows 32-bit w ork s t ation ▪
▪firefox-extension-win-x64.msi for Firefox browsers on a Windows 64-bit w ork s t ation ▪
These MSI installers are also available on the Bravura Security Fabric  server in the addons idarchive
directory.
To manually install the browser extension:
1.Launch the Windows Installer package.1.
2.Click Next . 2.
3.Read and accept the Bravura Security Fabric  license. 3.
4.Click Next . 4.
5.Select an ins t allation  scope (if options  are available). 5.
If you are logged in as an administrator, you can choose to install the browser extension for yourself or
for all users on the w ork s t ation.
6.Click Next . 6.
7.Click:7.
▪Typical to install all browser extension modules. ▪
or
▪Custom to select modules. ▪
It is recommended that you do not change the ins t allation  directory.
8.Click Install to start the ins t allation.  The installer begins copying files to your computer. The 8.
Ins t allation  Complete dialog appears after  the browser extension has been successfully installed.
9.Click Finish to exit. 9.
If a previous version of native  extensions for Firefox is already installed on the work s t ation  (11.1.x or
older) you must uninstall and install the current version.
Disclosure plugins are not supported for Mac OS.
One-time  disclosure plugin
You can launch access disclosure plugins using the one-time  disclosure method. These plugins have the
same functionality  as the nativ e  access disclosure plugins and do not require additional  softw ar e,
however they are good for one-time  use only. The one-time  disclosure is available as an executable that
can be run directly or downloaded to be run on a diff er en t  w ork s t ation.  A new executable needs to be
generated in order to view the access disclosure plugin again.
You can c on figur e  messages  (on page 1950) to display to users how much check-out time  is remaining
and that the check-out time  has expired.
When a one-time  disclosure plug-in is downloaded and executed, the plug-in will check with Bravura
Privilege to determine how much time  is left in the checkout, or if the authorized interval has expired. This
also applies to one-time  plug-ins that have been saved for future use.The one-time  disclosure option  is enabled by default. End-users may be able to see this option  if the
nativ e  access disclosure plugins are not yet installed or are disabled. When the one-time  disclosure
option  is disabled, the option  will be grayed out.
To disable one-time  disclosures:
1.Go to Manage the system  > Modules  > Privileged access . 1.
2.Set PAM ALLOW ONE TIME DISCLOSURE to Disabled . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
T r oubleshooting
 Users on a Windows w ork s t ation  are prevented from installing browserextensions 
To allow users to install the browser extensions, enable and modify the following group policy setting:
1.Go to Start menu, type gpedit.msc in the search box, and click on the program to access the Local 1.
Group Policy Editor.
2.Expand Computer Con figur ation  > Adminis tr ativ e  Templates >Windows Components > Windows 2.
Installer
3.Right-click Turn off Windows Installer , select Edit. 3.
Older versions of Windows refer to this setting  as Disable Windows Installer instead of Turn off
Windows Installer .
4.Select Enabled . 4.
5.Under Disable Windows Installer , select Never . 5.
6.Click OK. 6.
Administrators on a Windows w ork s t ation  cannot install browserextensions for all users 
If administrators are unable to select an ins t allation  scope option,  disable the following in the Local
Group Policy Editor:
▪Computer Con figur ation  > Windows Settings  > Security Settings  > Local Policies > Security Options  > ▪
User Account Control: Run all administrators in Admin Approval Mode
▪Computer Con figur ation  > Windows Settings  > Security Settings  >Local Policies > Security Options  > ▪
User Account Control: Admin Approval Mode for the built-in Administrator account
Guacamole access disclosure plugins
In-browser RDP: guacamole-rdp
The guacamole-rdp  Guacamole access disclosure plugin provides users with remote access to
Windows server or client managed systems using Remote Desktop Connection  (RDC). This control
provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system without the need to enter the adminis tr ativ e
cr edentials  for the managed account and is c ompatible  with session recording.You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of guacamole-rdp :
color-depth Set the preferred color depth of the display in bits per pixel. Available values are
8, 16, 24 and 32.
console Connect to the server as a console (admin) session. This is set to false by default.
disable-audio Disable audio driver. This reduces the bandwidth of the session. This is set to true
by default.
domain Set the domain the user account is a member of. This is set to
%netBIOSDomainName% by default.
See Domain and host values  (on page 1966) for further in f ormation.
enable-printing Enable printing  to a virtual PDF printer. This is set to false by default.
guacamole-url Set the URL of the Guacamole service. The format is <address >:<port >/
<webappname >.
height Set the height of the RDP window.
hostname Set the IP or DNS of the server. This is set to %server% by default.
See Domain and host values  (on page 1966) for further in f ormation.
hostname search If set to true, will enable searching on attribut e  ”host” when override is allowed
for ”host”. This is set to false by default.
ignore-cert Ignore certific a t e  from the RDP server. This is set to false by default.
port Set the c onnection  port of the server.
security Set the security mode for the c onnection.  This is set to rdp by default.
width Set the width of the RDP window.
In-browser Remote App: guacamole-remote-app
The guacamole-remote-app  Guacamole access disclosure plugin provides users with remote access
to applic ations  hosted on a Windows server or client managed system using Remote Desktop Connection
(RDC). This control provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system without the need to enter the
adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the managed account and is c ompatible  with session recording.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of guacamole-remote-app :
color-depth Set the preferred color depth of the display in bits per pixel. Available values are 8,
16, 24 and 32.
disable-audio Disable audio driver. This reduces the bandwidth of the session. This is set to true
by default.
domain Set the domain the user account is a member of. This is set to
%netBIOSDomainName% by default.
See Domain and host values  (on page 1966) for further in f ormation.
enable-printing Enable printing  to a virtual PDF printer. This is set to false by default.
guacamole-url Set the URL of the Guacamole service. The format is <address >:<port >/
<webappname >.
height Set the height of the RDP window.hostname Set the IP or DNS of the server. This is set to %server% by default.
ignore-cert Ignore certific a t e  from the RDP server. This is set to False by default.
port Set the c onnection  port of the server.
remote-app De fine  the RemoteApp program. This should be in the format ||<program >.
remote-app-args Set the command line arguments of the RemoteApp program.
remote-app-dir Set the working directory of the RemoteApp program.
security Set the security mode for the c onnection.  This is set to rdp by default.
width Set the width of the RDP window.
In-browser SSH: guacamole-ssh
The guacamole-ssh  Guacamole access disclosure plugin provides users with remote access to a
server using Secure Shell (SSH). This control provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system
without the need to enter the adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the managed account and is c ompatible  with
session recording.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of guacamole-ssh :
color-scheme Set the color scheme to use for the terminal emulator.
font-name Name of font to render on the terminal emulator. By default, a monospace font
will be used.
font-size Size of font to render on the terminal emulator. By default, the font will be set
to size 12.
guacamole-url Set the url of the Guacamole service. The format is ’ <address> :<port> /
<webappname> ’.
hostname Set the IP or DNS of the server. This is set to %server% by default.
See Domain and host values  (on page 1966) for further in f ormation.
passphrase Set the passphrase to use with a private key, if required.
port Set the c onnection  port of the server.
private-key Set the private key to use when c onnecting ,  if required.
In-browser Telnet: guacamole-telnet
The guacamole-telnet  Guacamole access disclosure plugin provides users with remote access to a
server using Telnet. This control provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system without the need
to enter the adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the managed account and is c ompatible  with session
recording.
In order to use this control, Telnet must be installed and enabled on the managed system.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of guacamole-telnet :
color-scheme Set the color scheme to use for the terminal emulator.
font-name Name of font to render on the terminal emulator. By default, a monospace font
will be used.font-size Size of font to render on the terminal emulator. By default, the font will be set to
size 12.
guacamole-url Set the url of the Guacamole service. The format is ’ <address> :<port> /
<webappname> ’.
hostname Set the IP or DNS of the server. This is set to %server% by default.
See Domain and host values  (on page 1966) for further in f ormation.
password-regex The regular expression to use when searching for where to enter the managed
account password. By default, this is set to [Pp]assword: . If unspecified,
Guacamole will use a reasonable default value.
port Set the c onnection  port of the server.
username-regex The regular expression to use when searching for where to enter the managed
account username. By default, this is set to [Ll]ogin: . If unspecified,
Guacamole will use a reasonable default value.
In-browser VNC: guacamole-vnc
The guacamole-vnc  Guacamole access disclosure plugin provides users with remote access to a
server using Virtual Network Computing  (VNC). This control provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the
managed system without the need to enter the adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the managed account and
is c ompatible  with session recording.
In order to use this control, VNC must be installed and enabled on the managed system.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of guacamole-vnc :
autoretry Set the number of times  to retry c onnection  before failing. This is set to 0 by
default.
color-depth Set the preferred color depth of the display in bits per pixel. Available values are
8, 16, 24 and 32.
cursor Set whether to render a mouse cursor locally or remotely. This is set to local by
default.
encodings Space-delimited list of encoding to use by libvncclient. Guacamole will use
supported encodings by default.
guacamole-url Set the url of the Guacamole service. The format is ’ <address> :<port> /
<webappname> ’.
hostname Set the IP or DNS of the server. This is set to %server% by default.
See Domain and host values  (on page 1966) for further in f ormation.
port Set the c onnection  port of the server.
read-only Allows the user to view the display but not make any modific ations.  This is set to
false by default.
swap-red-blue Swaps colors of red and blue, used to correct incorrect displays. This is set to
false by default.Guacamole in t egr ation  details
Bravura Privilege  can provide access to remote systems using access disclosure plugins for Guacamole.
Guacamole is a third-party remote desktop gateway that supports standard protocols including RDP , SSH,
VNC, and Telnet. It is clientless, which means there are no additional  softw ar e  or drivers needed to view
the access disclosure plugins on your w ork s t ation;  all that is required is a dedicated Linux-based system
to act as the Guacamole remote desktop gateway. The access disclosure plugins can then displayed on an
HTML5-supported web browser.
There are two main pieces of softw ar e  that run on the Guacamole gateway:
▪The guacd  service, which is a server package that acts as a proxy that connects to the managed ▪
system;
▪The guacamole  package, a Java web applet that runs on Apache Tomcat, ▪
▪guacamole  acts as client to the guacd  service and as server to the user's browser ▪
▪It also acts as client to the Bravura Privilege  sessmonc  CGI to which it sends session monitoring ▪
data if that feature is c on figur ed.
Guacamole access disclosure plugins have similar functionality  as the nativ e  access disclosure plugins,
but instead of having to manage a diverse set of local programs for remote access to target systems,
provides a convenient, cen tr ally -c on figur ed  thin client. It also completely hides the password from the
target system administrators (unlike nativ e  disclosures, which normally provide the password in plain text
on the command line which is captured in the admin's w ork s t ation  Task Manager process and in the
Windows Event log.)
The plugin controls contain default attribut es  to customize behavior, and are c ompatible  with session
recording.
The only drawback of the Guacamole disclosures is the need to install and maintain the third-party
Guacamole services on Linux proxy systems, and to calculate how many such systems are required for the
amount of users who can disclose access at the same time.
How it works
1.A user checks out a single account or account set and accesses a Guacamole disclosure plugin. This1.
redirects the user to a specific  URL on the Guacamole gateway.
2.The URL opens a browser window that contains specific  in f ormation  about the managed account 2.
checked out, including the checkout ID, account ID, and the type of access disclosure plugin
requested.
3.The Guacamole gateway contacts the Bravura Privilege  server using the CheckoutStatusGet and 3.
CheckoutParamsGet API calls to get in f ormation  about the status and validity of the account checked
out.
4.If the check-out is deemed valid, the Guacamole gateway initia t es  the disclosure session to the 4.
managed system and shows the r esulting  screen in the browser window.
5.The user can now interact with the managed system from that browser window.5.6.The Guacamole gateway contacts the Bravura Privilege  server using the CheckoutStatusGet API call 6.
periodically until  the checkout is no longer valid or until  the user closes the disclosure session.
There is greater fle xibility  when using Guacamole access disclosure plugins. It can be viewed on
commonly used browsers such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Micr osoft  Edge. Unlike nativ e
access disclosure plugins which are limited to Windows, you can view Guacamole access disclosure
plugins on other oper ating  systems such as Linux, provided that it has a HTML5-c ompatible  browser.
Guacamole access disclosure plugins can also be viewed on mobile devices such as smart phones and
tablets.
Guacamole access disclosure plugins have similar functionality  as the nativ e  access disclosure plugins.
The controls contain default attribut es  to customize behavior, and are c ompatible  with session recording.
Preparing for Guacamole setup
This section  will go through the steps on how to set up Guacamole. In sequence, you will need to:
1.Decide which CentOS/RHEL version will be used as the Guacamole server.1.
▪The following versions are supported:▪
▪Centos 7 / RHEL 7 64-bit▪
▪Centos 8 Stream / RHEL 8 64-bit▪
▪Centos 9 Stream / RHEL 9 64-bit▪
2.View the Guacamole benchmarking metrics  to determine the optimal  system requirements for the 2.
Guacamole server
3. Con figur e  proxy server settings  for the Guacamole server. To do this, edit the /etc/profile  file (as 3.
root user):  
vi /etc/profile
For example, add the following lines to the bottom  of the file:
PROXY_URL="http://<proxyaddress>:<port>/"
export http_proxy="$PROXY_URL"
export https_proxy="$PROXY_URL"
export ftp_proxy="$PROXY_URL"
export no_proxy="127.0.0.1,localhost"
# For curl
export HTTP_PROXY="$PROXY_URL"
export HTTPS_PROXY="$PROXY_URL"
export FTP_PROXY="$PROXY_URL"
export NO_PROXY="127.0.0.1,localhost"
Replace <proxyaddress> and <port>  with the IP address and port number of the proxy server,
r espectiv ely .  Note that this is based on a proxy server using HTTP protocol; further modific ations  are
required if the proxy server uses HTTPS.
Save the file.