Privilege P attern:  OTP API users
Users with the OTP Trustees privilege can create OTP API users who have the permission to retrieve
managed account passwords from the Bravura Security Fabric  vault and use them to execute scripts and
command-line programs using runwithpass/pamutil .
OTP trustees have access to the P AMUtil:  Create OTP API User pr e-de fined  request:
In order to create an OTP API user,.at least one account is onboarded by an account trustee , or a vault
account is created by a vault trustee
See Applic ation  accounts  (on page 2049) for more in f ormation  about runwithpass/pamutil .
Create an OTP API user
1.Log in to Front-end (PSF) as a user from a OTP API Trustee group1.
2.Click the P AMUtil:  Create OTP API User PDR. 2.
3.Select a team.3.
Click Next .
4.Enter a PAM OTP Account Description . 4.
5.Select one or more managed accounts.5.
6.Click Submit . 6.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
7.Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 7.
Once created, OTP trustees would be able to request access to the OTP API user account.
See Example: Create an OTP API user  (on page 2279) for a detailed example.
API aut omation  for cr eating  an OTP API user
Once the API has been c on figur ed  (See ”SOAP API” in Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf )), and
your script has been authentic a t ed  to the API (Login or LoginEx API calls), the WF API calls can be used to
create an API request to update an account.
Use the WFPDRSubmit function  to create a w orkflo w  request and submit the request for publishing.
When submitting  a request, use ”CREATE_PAMUTIL_API_USER” as the PDR ID. At a minimum, the request
requires the following attribut es:
attrk e y value
MS_TEAM The team the OTP API user account will be assigned to.
OTP_ACCOUNT_DESCRIPTION The description  of the OTP API user account.
SELECT_MULTI_MA The GUID(s) of the managed account(s) the OTP API user will
have access to.
MS_ID This is an arbitrary value attribut e.MS_NAME This is an arbitrary value attribut e.
MS_NAME and MS_ID attribut es  are required but their values are not important. In the future versions of
the product, those attribut es  will not be required.
CREATE_PAMUTIL_API_USER batch request sample
"MS_TEAM","OTP_ACCOUNT_DESCRIPTION","SELECT_MULTI_MA","MS_ID","MS_NAME" 
"TEAM-000000","sample otp api user","AA3AC9A7-6CAB-48A2-
B1B7-1B804A256539,30F91A85-6C36-4C6F-90A1-81C60D692575","x","x"Privilege P attern:  Help desk users
A user can be designated as the help desk trustee, who can make requests on behalf of any team.
Help desk trustees have access to the following pr e-de fined  requests:
▪Account: Offboar d ▪
▪Account: Onboard▪
▪Account: Update▪
▪System: Offboar d ▪
▪System: Onboard▪
▪System: Update▪
▪Team: Manage Group Membership▪
▪Team: Update▪
▪Team Vault: Archive▪
▪Team Vault: Create▪
▪Team Vault: Update▪
▪Vault Account: Archive▪
▪Vaulted File: Upload▪
▪Vault Account: Create▪
▪Vaulted File: Update▪
▪Vault Account: Update▪
▪ P AMUtil:  Create OTP API User ▪
Help desk trustees have the ability to submit these requests, but the appropriate associated trustee must
approve. For example, a help desk trustee can submit a request to onboard account for Team A, but the
account trustee(s) of Team A must authorize the request. Also, if a request made by the help desk trustee
involves multiple  teams, such as in the case where a system is migrated from Team A to Team B, the
system trustees from Team A and Team B must authorize the request.
In order to de fine  help desk trustees, users need to be added to the PAM_TRUSTEE_HELP_DESK user
class:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 1.
2.Select the PAM_TRUSTEE_HELP_DESK.2.
3.Click the Explicit users tab. 3.
4.Click Select . 4.
5.Search and select a user.5.
6.Click Add. 6.
This user can now log in and view the pr e-de fined  requests.Privilege P attern:  W orkflo w  examples
The following are some common scenarios for Bravura Privilege P attern  setups.
Example: Install Bravura Privilege P attern  and onboard a system vault
This procedure describes how to install a Bravura Privilege P attern  component, a scenario component,
create a team, onboard a system vault and add users to that vault.
A System vault represents systems in the environment and allows you to store account in f ormation
without a connector or technical in t egr ation.
Install the components
Install the components
1.Log in to Front-end (PSF) as a superuser.1.
2.From the main menu click Manage components. 2.
3.Search and select the checkbox for required components.3.
4.Click Install component(s) . 4.
The panel on the right will indicate when the ins t allation  is complete.
for this example:
▪RefBuild.pam_team_management.▪
▪Scenario.pam_system_type_vault.▪
Con figur e  the Corporate AD target system
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Target systems > Manually de fined . 1.
2.Select the Corporate AD target system.2.
3.Click Change next to the Address field  and enter the domain for your environment. 3.
4.Click Continue . 4.
5.Click Update . 5.
6.Click the Cr edentials  tab. 6.
7.Enter your target’s cr edentials. 7.
8.Click Update . 8.
9.Click Maintenance > Auto discovery Execute auto discovery . 9.
10. Click Continue . 10.
Create and set up a team
Create a team administrator:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 1.2.Select the PAM_TEAM_ADMINS.2.
3.Click the Explicit users tab. 3.
4.Click Select . 4.
5.Search and select a user.5.
6.Click Add. 6.
This user can now log in and create, delete and manage teams.
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as the team administrator.1.
2.Click Manage Resources . 2.
The Pr e-de fined  requests page is displayed.
The team administrator can create, delete and manage teams using these pr e-de fined  requests.
3.Click Team: Create . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the team cr eation  wizard
4.Enter the following in f ormation: 4.
▪Team Nme : Vault-Management-Team ▪
▪Team Description : Team to manage system vault ▪
Click Next .
5.Add seven groups. Use the ”More” icon to add more team name fields  to the list. 5.
▪Team Trustees Users who can make team management requests. ▪
▪Account Trustees  Users who can make account management requests (onboard accounts). ▪▪Approvers  Users who allow or disallow access requests. ▪
▪Auto Approved  Users who can check-out access to systems and accounts without making an access ▪
request.
▪Requesters Users who can make access requests. ▪
▪ Cr edential_Manag er s  Users who can override or randomize the stored password on a checked-out ▪
account.
▪System Trustee Users who can make system management requests (onboard systems). ▪
▪Vault Trustees  Users who can make vault management requests. ▪6.Click Next and add team descriptions. 6.
Click Next .7.Assign privileges to the team groups:7.
▪Team Trustees  Team trustees ▪
▪Account Trustees  Account trustees ▪
▪Approvers  Approvers ▪
▪Auto Approved  Auto_Approved and requesters ▪
▪Requesters  Requesters ▪
▪ Cr edential  Managers  Requesters and Cr edential_manag er ▪
▪System Trustees  System trustees ▪
▪Vault Trustees  Vault trustees ▪
The Cr edential_Manag er  privilege allows a user to override or randomize the stored password on a
checked-out account.Click Next .8.Set the initial  team trustees for the new team. There must be at least one team trustee to create a 8.
team.
9.Click Submit . 9.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
10. Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 10.
Once the request has been approved, the team will be c on figur ed.
Add users to the additional  groups in the team.
1.Log into Front-end (PSF) as a team trustee.1.
2.From the home page, click Manage resources . 2.
3.Click Team: Manage Group Membership . 3.
4.Select the Vault-Team.4.
Click Next .
5.Select the Account Trustees, Approvers, Auto Approved, Requesters, System Trustees, Vault Trustees,5.
Cr edential  Managers and Team Trustees groups.