If you are installing multiple  instances on the same machine, you may be prompted to either reboot the
system, or to shut down and restart the file replic ation  service before c ontinuing  the ins t allation.  This is
because the file replic ation  service keeps certain DLL files open. You can avoid having to do this during
ins t allation  by shutting  down all file replic ation  services before you begin.
Preparing for ins t allation
Before running setup , gather the following in f ormation  about your database server c on figur ation:
▪IP address or DNS name of the database server.▪
Verify that you can reach this address from the machine that will host Bravura Security Fabric .
▪Name and password of a database administrator (DBA) (such as sa or SYS).▪
▪The SQL database instance name.▪
▪If you are using an e xisting  database, you will also need: ▪
▪The name of the Bravura Security Fabric  database. ▪
▪TCP port number (such as 1521) that the database is listening on.▪
▪Name and password of the SQL dedicated user  (on page 178). ▪
If you are installing the Analytics  app, gather the following in f ormation:
▪The server name where SQL Server R eporting  Services (SSRS) resides ▪
▪Report Server Web Service URL▪
▪Name and password of service account▪
▪If you are using an e xisting  report server database you will need that database name ▪
▪If you are using an e xisting  report server user you will need that username and password ▪
You can choose to set up the Analytics  app after  installing Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e,  as
documented in REPORTS  (on page 2891).
Ins t allation  steps
To install Bravura Security Fabric  products and features on a primary server or replicated server:
1.Log in to the host Windows server as member of the Administrators group.1.
If you plan to use a prec onfigured  database using windows authentic ation,  the ins t allation  of Bravura
Security Fabric needs to be performed by the same account ID that will run the Bravura Security Fabric
services.
2.If required, download and unzip the Bravura Security Fabric  dis tribution  folder. 2.
Contact your Bravura Security account r epr esen t ativ e  for details.
3.Launch the setup located at the root of the dis tribution  folder. 3.
4.If you already have a Bravura Security Fabric  instance installed on the Windows server, setup 4.
displays the Select an instance to c on figur e  page.
Click Install New to proceed.
A list of available products is displayed.5.Select Bravura Security Fabric , then click Next . 5.
The setup program displays a page to gather initial  instance in f ormation.
6.Type a unique instance name; this creates a dedicated database instance for the product. Optionally , 6.
enter a description.
If the instance name exceeds 30 characters, ins t allation  will fail.
All replicated servers must have the same instance name.
Instance names cannot contain whitespace or the following characters: % \ / : ; ~ ' ` ,
* ? " < > | & $
Click Next .7.The setup  program performs a pr e-ins t allation  check and v erifies  all of the requirements for 7.
ins t allation.
The installer checks for Visual C++ Runtime  (x64) and Visual C++ Runtime  (x86). If either are missing,
setup attemp ts  to install them. See Primary server requirements  (on page 197) for more
inf ormation.
8.If any of the pre-install checks produce warnings or errors, click:8.
▪Report for details on all pre-install checks ▪
or
▪Messages... for details on a specific  pre-install check ▪
You can ignore warnings about requirements for .NET Framework and WSE . That is pot entially
required only if t argeting  an applic ation  that provides a SOAP web service.
See T r oubleshooting , T r oubleshooting  for additional  tr oubleshooting  in f ormation.
9.If all of the checks are successful, click Next to proceed with the ins t allation. 9.
10. The Con figur e  a Dedicated Database User  page is displayed. 10.11. Choose your database user setup option,  then click Next . 11.
a.If you chose to Create a new dedicated database user for the new instance , enter the database a.
c onnection  and user in f ormation  By default, setup uses the same name as the product instance.
b.Click Next .The setup  program creates the new database user. b.
The setup program launches idm.msi to c on figur e  the softw ar e  ins t allation.  The welcome
page is displayed:Click Next.
12. Read and accept the license agreement. 12.
Click Next .
13. Type the loc ation  of the license file. 13.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can use the Browse button  to select the loc ation  of your license file.
It is recommended that all replicated servers use the same license file.
Click Next .
The installer displays setup types for you to select from.
14. Select: 14.
▪Typical to install with default settings  for file loc ations,  ports, and web site. Proceed to Step 17. ▪or
▪Custom to customize settings. ▪
Files for all products are installed; however only those for licensed products are enabled for use.
15. If you chose a custom ins t allation,  choose the Install loc ation . 15.
It is recommended that you do not change the install loc ation.
Click Next .
16. If you chose a custom ins t allation,  choose the loc ations  for the: 16.
Directory to store log files:  This directory should be unique for each instance. The default is
<Program Files path>\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\Logs
\<instance> .
Directory for all instances to share lock files:  This directory should be shared by all instances. The
default is <Program Files path>\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\Locks .
Click Next .17. Type the Service user ID and Password . 17.
This is the account Bravura Security Fabric  services will run as. If IIS is selected as your Web server, this
is also the anonymous user for web access.
You can use either a local or domain account for the Service user ID . The Password can be up to 64
characters long.
The default is psadmin . If you use the default account and the account does not already exist, the
installer will create it with the specified  password on the Bravura Security Fabric  instance server. If a
domain account is specified,  the installer validates the account and password before proceeding. An
error message will display if the domain account can not be found or the password is incorrect.Denying in t eractive  log-on for service account is a recognized industry bes t -practic e  which is also
suggested by Bravura Security Fabric. See Domain requirements  (on page 204) for more details on
how to create a secure service account.
Click Next .  
See also:  In cases where the psadmin account is changed, you can use the serviceacct  utility  to
make updates, as documented in Changes to the service account (psadmin)  (on page 2883).
18. Type the c ommunic ation  key that will be used to encrypt c ommunic ation  between the Bravura 18.
Security Fabric  server and other Bravura Security Fabric  sub-systems on the network.
The key must only contain hexadecimal digits (0-9, a-f).
You can also click Random Key to generate a random key.
The same c ommunic ation  key must be applied to all sub-systems that share c ommunic ation.  It is
strongly recommended that you note this key in a safe loc ation.
Click Next .
19. Type the database encr yption  key that will be used to encrypt sensitiv e  data stored in the Bravura 19.
Security Fabric  database; for example, Bravura Security Fabric  uses the database encr yption  key to
encrypt passwords.
The key must only contain hexadecimal digits (0-9, a-f).
You can also click Random Key to generate a random key.
The same database encr yption  key must be applied to all Bravura Security Fabric servers in a replic ation
environment and all sub-systems that share c ommunic ation.  It is strongly recommended that you note
this key in a secure loc ation.
Click Next .
20. Type the w ork s t ation  authentic ation  encr yption  key that will be used to initializ e  the c ommunic ation  of 20.
untrusted Bravura Security Fabric  services to Bravura Security Fabric  servers on the network. The
w ork s t ation  authentic ation  encr yption  key is used by the w ork s t ation  service for either initial  r egis tr ation
or key r e-neg otiation.
The key must only contain hexadecimal digits (0-9, a-f).
You can also click Random Key to generate a random key.
The same work s t ation  authentic ation  encr yption  key must be applied to all Bravura Security Fabric servers
in a replic ation  environment and all sub-systems that share c ommunic ation.  It is strongly
recommended that you note this key in a secure loc ation.
Click Next .
21. Type the Connector encr yption  key that will be used to encrypt sensitiv e  data for c ommunic ation  with 21.
the connectors; for example, Bravura Security Fabric  uses the Connector encr yption  key to encrypt and
decrypt passwords and adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  used by connectors and exit traps as well as all
c ommunic ation  and oper ations  run by the connectors.
The key must only contain hexadecimal digits (0-9, a-f).
You can also click Random Key to generate a random key.The same Connector encr yption  key must be applied to all Bravura Security Fabric servers in a replic ation
environment and all sub-systems that share c ommunic ation.  It is strongly recommended that you note
this key in a secure loc ation.
Click Next .
22. Type the IDMLib encr yption  key that will be used to encrypt sensitiv e  data generated in IDMLib. 22.
The key must only contain hexadecimal digits (0-9, a-f).
You can also click Random Key to generate a random key.
The same IDMLib encr yption  key must be applied to all Bravura Security Fabric servers in a replic ation
environment and all sub-systems that share c ommunic ation.  It is strongly recommended that you note
this key in a secure loc ation.
Click Next . The order of next steps can vary depending on initial  setup choices.
▪If you chose a custom ins t allation,  setup displays Custom port and web server settings ▪
If you chose a custom ins t allation,  after  c on figuring  keys:
1. De fine  port settings: 1.
▪Database Service TCP port Number the port the Database Service will listen on, for database ▪
r eplic ation.  The default is 5555  unless that port is already in use by another Bravura
Security Fabric  instance.
▪File R eplic ation  Service TCP port Number the File R eplic ation  Service ( idfilerep ) will ▪
listen on, for file r eplic ation.  The default is 2380  unless that port is already in use by another
Bravura Security Fabric  instance.
▪ W orkflo w  Manager Service TCP port Number the W orkflo w  Manager Service ( idwfm ) will ▪
listen on. The default is 2240  unless that port is already in use by another Bravura Security
Fabric  instance.
▪ T r ansaction  Monitor Service TCP port Number the T r ansaction  Monitor Service ( idtm ) will ▪
listen on. The default is 2234  unless that port is already in use by another Bravura Security
Fabric  instance.
▪Password Manager Service TCP port Number the Password Manager service ( idpm ) will ▪
listen on. The default is 3334  unless that port is already in use by another Bravura Security
Fabric  instance.
▪Session Monitoring Package Gener ation  Service TCP port Number the session monitoring ▪
modules will listen on. The default is 2340  unless that port is already in use by another
Bravura Security Fabric  instance.
▪Discovery Service TCP port Number the Discovery service will listen on. The default is 2540 ▪
unless that port is already in use by another Bravura Security Fabric instance.
▪Privileged Access Manager Service TCP port Number the Privileged Access Manager Service ▪
(idarch ) will listen on. The default is 6190  unless that port is already in use by another
Bravura Security Fabric  instance.▪Persistent Connector Service TCP port Number the Persistent Connector Service ( agtsvc ) ▪
will listen on. The default is 4567  unless that port is already in use by another Bravura
Security Fabric  instance.
Click Next .
2.Select a Web server for this ins t allation . 2.
If multiple  web servers are installed on your Bravura Security Fabric  server, select the one on
which you want to install Bravura Security Fabric . IIS web servers are aut omatic ally  detected
and c on figur ed.
Type an email address to receive adminis tr ativ e  notific ations.   
You can use the Manage the system  (PSA) module to set or change this later by modifying the
RECIPIENT EMAIL option.
Click Next .
3. Con figur e  the following options  for your web server: 3.
▪Base URL This is the URL of the Bravura Security Fabric  server. The installer aut omatic ally ▪
detects the server name.
▪Root virtual directory for this instance This is the name of the virtual directory that points to ▪
the physical <instance>\cgi-bin\  directory.
The default value is the name of the instance.
Virtual directory paths cannot contain whitespace or the following characters:
% \ / | @ ! # $ ^ & * < > ; : ' ' ? , [ ] { } + = `
▪Web site for this ins t allation  If the web server for this ins t allation  is IIS, select the web site ▪
you want Bravura Security Fabric  to use.
▪Replace the default web page with the index page for this instance Enable this checkbox if ▪
you want to replace the default web page with the index page for this instance. The index
page aut omatic ally  redirects users to the Front-end .