You can give this folder any name. Take note of this folder name. It will be added to the sp_access
table in a later step.
12. Copy the XML template file from an e xisting  sp_folder over to your new service provider folder. 12.
13. Edit the new saml-response.xml  to ensure the assertion  includes all requirements for the 13.
service provider you are c on figuring.
Set up Bravura Security Fabric as a service provider (SP)
The Scenario.hid_authchain_saml_sp component installs the functionality  to allow Bravura Security
Fabric  to act as a service provider, enabling it to accept third-party authentic ation  assertions  from a
trusted identity  provider.
In t egr ating  Bravura Security Fabric  as a service provider requires the following administrator rights:
▪Manage external data store: In order to c on figur e  authentic ation  chain logic using the ▪
hid_authchain_select table.
▪Manage policies: in order to c on figur e  the SAML_SP custom Authentic ation  chain, and the ▪
SAML_USERS User class.
Before you begin
1.Have an identity  provider prepared that implements SAML to authentic a t e  users on behalf of other 1.
service providers, and c on figur e  it to provide authentic ation  for Bravura Security Fabric .
2.User pr ofiles  that will use Bravura Security Fabric  as a service provider must exist in the databases of 2.
both the identity  provider as well as Bravura Security Fabric . Mappings between the Bravura Security
Fabric  and identity  provider pr ofiles  must be c on figur ed  in the identity  provider.
3.Export the IdP metadata from the IdP and save the file in a loc ation  where it can be accessed by 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  in order to finish  c on figuring  the authentic ation  chain module.
4.Collect the following in f ormation  that will be required to establish the SAML trust r elationship: 4.
▪Single sign-on URL  for the identity  provider. ▪
▪ Identity  provider issuer , a URL for your IdP that may or may not match the SSO URL. ▪
▪ Identity  provider public certific a t e  file (.cer) , a copy of which should be placed in the instance’s ▪
plugin directory.
▪Issuer to send identity  provider , typically the URL for the Bravura Security Fabric  instance. ▪
▪Single sign-on binding format  as required by your IdP , either HTTP POST or HTTP Redirect. ▪
All URLs must use HTTPS where applicable.
Setup and c onfigur ation  steps
1.Install Bravura Security Fabric , including the connector packs. 1.
2.Log in to the front end as superuser, and navigate to manage components. 2.
3.Install the Scenario.hid_authchain_saml_sp component.3.
4. Con figur e  the target systems to load user pr ofiles  from. 4.
5.Run auto discovery.5.6. Con figur e  which users in Bravura Security Fabric  you want enabled for SAML Authentic ation. 6.
a.Click Manage the system > Policies > User classes  > SAML_USERS. a.
b.Add the users you want to authentic a t e  against the IdP to this user class. You can add explicit users, b.
a domain group or other criteria.
IdP initiat ed  SSO is only supported if the profile  ID's match the IdP account names.
c.Recalculate the UC cache.c.
Configur e  the SAML_SP authentic ation  chain
1.As superuser in the SP instance, click Manage the system  > Policies > Authentic ation  chains  > custom 1.
> SAML_SP.
a.Disable this authentic ation  chain so it can be edited a.
b.Click the fedidp_samlauth  module to open it for editing b.
c.The in f ormation  can be added by either: c.
i.Click Browse  under Import metadata , and upload the i dp-metadata.xml  file you copied i.
earlier.
or
ii.Populate the following fields  manually: ii.
▪Single sign-on URL:  the URL of the identity  provider ▪
▪ Identity  provider issuer:  a URL for your IdP that may or may not match the SSO URL. ▪
▪ Identity  provider public certific a t e  file (.cer) : a copy of which should be placed in the instance’s ▪
plugin directory.
▪Issuer to send identity  provider:  typically the URL for the Bravura Security Fabric instance ▪
▪Single sign-on binding:  the format as required by your IdP , either HTTP POST or HTTP Redirect. ▪
d.Ensure the Control Type is set to "Required". d.
e.Choose the correct Identity  provider signature loc ation . Assertion  is set by default. If you are using e.
an IdP c on figur ed  to sign the response, change this to Response  (or adjust the IdP signature
settings,  if desired). The response value must match what is selected on the IDP side.
f. Optional : Select the Allow IdP initia t ed  SSO checkbox to allow users to start at the IdP log in and f.
be redirected to the SP , where they will be aut omatic ally  authentic a t ed.
g. Optional:  Select the Force IdP authentic ation  checkbox to allow the IdP to r e-authentic a t e  the user g.
even if the user has an e xisting  session.
Some IdP's do not support the Force IdP authentic ation  option.
h. Con figur e  the Identity  provider subject type, which is used to map user pr ofiles  in Bravura Security h.
Fabric  to their counterparts on the IdP . When the IdP authentic a t es  a user, it sends a subject
attribut e  in the SAML assertion  that is used to identif y  which user was authentic a t ed:
▪Select ”Pr ofile  ID” if the subject attribut e  will be identic al  to the user’s Bravura Security Fabric ▪
pr ofile  ID.▪Select ”Pr ofile  attribut e”  if the subject can be mapped to a user attribut e  instead of the pr ofile ▪
ID.
Bravura Security Fabric as a SP only supports IdP initiat ed  SSO  if the Bravura Security Fabric
profile  ID is used.
i.If you selected ”Pr ofile  attribut e”  as the Identity  provider subject type, you must also c on figur e  the i.
Subject pr ofile  attribut e,  which specifies  the pr ofile  attribut e  that can be mapped to the SAML
subject.
2.Click Update , then Enable  to enable this authentic ation  chain. 2.
3.Verify that the Front-end login authentic ation  chain includes SAML_SP as an available chain for the 3.
chain selector module.
Add the prepared SP to the Bravura Security Fabric IdP
1.As superuser on the IdP server navigate to Manage external data store > sp_access and add a new 1.
entry with the values:
▪sp_folder: contains __non_saml__, and <sp folder name> ▪
▪userclass: _ALLUSERS_- ▪
▪deny_acl: 0 ▪
2.As superuser on the IdP server navigate to EXTDB > sp_mapping 2.
3.Add a new entry with values:3.
▪issuer:  "%SP server's BASE IDSYNCH URL%/SP/" ▪
▪sp_folder:  <sp folder name on the Bravura Security Fabric  IdP server> ▪
▪acs_url:  The endpoint login url ▪
▪idp_url:  This must exactly match the "identity  provider issuer" value. http s://<Br a vur a  Security ▪
Host>/instance/sso/ is most commonly used.
▪enabled:  1 ▪
▪ idp_initia t ed : 1 ▪
▪disp_name : "<display name>" This value will be displayed on the end user launchpad and in ▪
messages when r edir ecting  the users from the IdP to the SP .
▪default_pin : 1 ▪
▪relay_state : <value provided by the SP vendor >. The RelayState will be provided to the SP during ▪
an IdP initia t ed  flo w  if required.
▪sig_loc : Assert ▪
4.Click Update. 4.
5.As superuser on the IdP server navigate to Manage external data store > sp_authchain and add the 5.
following entries:
▪sp_folder: contains __non_saml__, and <sp folder name> ▪
▪authchain: column values are set to REGUSER ▪
6.Click Update. 6.
7.Verify the rule in table hid_authchain_select:7.RuleNumber =120
Comment SAML authentic ation  chain
Proceed False
MatchType sessdata
MatchKey SAML_REQUEST
Ma t chCondition set
MatchValue <null>
Action flush
ChainId SAML
Installing this component in stand-alone mode on a new instance will override all default
authentic ation  chains, and may prevent non-SAML and console users from logging into Bravura
Security Fabric. To avoid this, c onfirm  that the hid_authchain_select table includes a valid chain for
users authentic ating  without a SAML_REQUEST before c ontinuing.
Test the c on figur ation
Two Bravura Security Fabric  instances should now be c on figur ed  to authentic a t e  via SAML. To test this:
1.Open the SP instance login page1.
2.Submit the username of one of the test accounts that is a member of SAML_USERS.2.
You should be redirected to IdP's login page
3.Complete the authentic ation  process, using valid cr edentials. 3.
Login uses the SAML authentic ation  chain.
Upon successful authentic ation,  the user’s web browser is redirected back to the service provider, where
they are logged in aut omatic ally .
Single sign-on support and launchpad
When acting  as an IdP , Bravura Security Fabric  is able to support single sign-on (SSO) authentic ation
across multiple  service providers. SSO authentic ation  enables a user to log into multiple  SPs without
having to re-enter their cr edentials,  if they already meet the authentic ation  criteria for these services. By
reducing the number of cr edential  inputs required from users, single sign-on authentic ation  reduces
password f atigue  while mitig ating  the risks of tr ansmitting  cr edential  in f ormation  to third-party services.
An applic ation  launch-pad and single sign-on policy are included and expand on the included IdP to
maximize user login convenience. When this is enabled, users sign into Bravura Security Fabric  and then
click an icon to sign into other applic ations,  where sessions are initia t ed  in a new browser tab.Single sign-on
Single sign-on support is enabled by default when Scenario.hid_saml_idp  is fir s t installed. When
a user completes a federated login through SAML their SSO session in f ormation  is recorded in the
IDP_SESSION and IDP_SESSINFO database tables, tracking session validity as well as the authentic ation
chains the user has successfully completed. A user is granted immediate access to an SP if their SSO
session already meets the new SP’s authentic ation  chain requirements.
Available c on figur ation  options  for single sign-on include:
▪When c on figuring  the fedidp-assert authentic ation  chain module, set Single sign-on mode to ▪
one of ”Enable”, ”Disable”, or ”Prompt” to c on figur e  when SSO session in f ormation  should be stored
following successful log-in.
▪When c on figuring  the fedidp-cs chain selection  module, modify Allow plugin to skip chain ▪
selection  to enable or disable whether the plugin can skip authentic ation  chain steps for alr eady -
authentic a t ed  users.
Single sign-on launchpad
The SAML component provides a graphical interface from which users can launch commonly used
services. When the SAML component is installed, a new Customize applic ations  link appears on Front-end
for users with access to at least one SP . Clicking this link will direct users to the Applic ation  Launchpad ,
which displays a set of graphical buttons  for each service provider available to the user. Clicking these
buttons  will launch the selected SP in a new browser tab, and the user will be aut omatic ally
authentic a t ed  to that service.Clicking the circular icon beside any of these service provider buttons  will pin it to Front-end , allowing the
user to launch the selected service directly from their home page.The Applic ation  launchpad will only display the button  for a service provider if it is enabled, and the user
is authorized to connect to it. Availability of service providers can be c on figur ed  in the sp_mapping
and sp_access tables in Manage external data store  (DBE) module. Each service provider on the
launchpad is identified  by an icon image. This icon is an 80x80px PNG-format image named icon.png
stored in the sp_folder directory for that service provider, and is used aut omatic ally  for that SP if the
image is available.Authentic ation  chains: Bravura Security Fabric as service provider
Many or g aniz ations  which leverage federated authentic ation  already have a solution  in place. This could
include:
▪ Activ e  Directory Federated Services ▪
▪Okta Single Sign-On▪
▪PingFederate▪
▪One of many other IdP solutions ▪
Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to operate as a service provider, accepting  third-party
authentic ation  assertions  from a trusted IdP .
Configur ation
Con figuring  Bravura Security Fabric  as a service provider requires the following administrator rights:
▪Manage policies to c on figur e  the SAML_SP custom Authentic ation  chain, and the SAML_USERS User ▪
class.
▪Manage external data store to c on figur e  authentic ation  chain logic using the hid_authchain_select ▪
table.
To c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  as an SP:
1.Prepare the Identity  Provider  The steps will be diff er en t  for each vendor. Refer to your vendors 1.
instructors to prepare your IdP .
See the following examples to:
▪Prepare an Okta identity  provider ▪
▪Prepare a Ping identity  provider ▪
2.Setup Bravura Security Fabric  to authentic a t e  with an IdP  (on page 968) 2.
Example: In t egr ating  with an Okta IdP
Requirement
Or g aniz ations  that use Okta Single Sign-On solution  to leverage federated authentic ation  require Bravura
Security Fabric  to authentic a t e  with their current IdP solution.
See Okta in t egr ation  strategy
Okta off er s  a platform  for:
▪Web single sign-on (SSO) with f eder ation  or password form s tuffing. ▪
▪Two-factor authentic ation  (2FA) via a smart phone app or a PIN delivered to user emails or mobile ▪
phones.
▪Simple cr eation  and deactiv ation  of accounts on certain SaaS platforms. ▪
It is possible to integrate Bravura Security Fabric  with Okta to utiliz e  one of Okta's authentic ation
methods when signing into Bravura Security Fabric .In t egr ating  Okta with Bravura Security Fabric
There are two mechanisms available to integrate Okta with Bravura Security Fabric :
▪ In t egr ation  with SAML f eder ation ; where the Okta service is the Identity  Provider (IdP) and Bravura ▪
Security Fabric  is the Service Provider (SP) . Bravura Security Fabric  can also act as the IdP to Okta or
any other web app acting  as the SP .
Note: The SAML solution  is not recommended for Bravura Security Fabric
versions prior to 12.0.3. Contact support  for more in f ormation.
▪ In t egr ation  via the Okta web services API ; where the Bravura Security login subsystem asks Okta for ▪
session status, is also available.
Advantages of a SAML-based in t egr ation
▪Consistent SSO (single-sign-on): Once signed into Okta from one browser, any future attemp ts  to login ▪
for the dur ation  of the SSO token, don't require authentic ation.
Note: This does have security and audit implic ations  for Privileged accounts and
should not be implemented alone for those accounts, however, for end-
users it is a time-sa v er .▪More consistent user experience:: The visual login sequence with Okta's Web UI showing up when▪
authentic ating  from other Web applic ations  is what customers' users are sometimes  already familiar
with.
▪2FA can be c on figur ed  nativ ely  on the Okta platform  by the relevant applic ation  administrators. ▪
▪2FA can be c on figur ed  using Bravura Security Fabric  authentic ation  chains. ▪
▪Once SAML tokens are created during the login process, the login is transparent for additional  SAML ▪
SPs
In high-security applic ations  like Bravura Privilege this is actually a security risk; for example, going
directly into Bravura Privilege because a user authentic a t ed  into Google Calendar may not be secure
enough.
▪There is no need to create an adminis tr ativ e-le v el  API token on the Okta platform  and import it into ▪
Bravura Security Fabric .
▪There is no need to create an extra target, or copy a list from the target Okta authentic a t es  against ▪
(AD or other LDAP).
Advantages of an API-based in t egr ation
▪Bravura Identity  can manage accounts on Okta, and role assignment. ▪
▪More solid directory in t egr ation  than the SAML method: Listing  accounts from the Okta target directly ▪
and making it a SoP can ensure no f alse-neg ativ es  exist, if the Okta directory is out of sync with the
SoP of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance.
▪Smaller attack  surface: As the diagram above shows, Okta exists on the Internet; c onnections  to it are ▪
using encrypted, over TLS:
▪Using the SAML in t egr ation  method the user browser needs access to both the Bravura Security ▪
Fabric  instance and the Okta instance c on figur ed  for authentic ation  using SAML.
▪Using the API authentic ation,  the users browser only need access to the Bravura Security Fabric 's ▪
UI, which is usually on the private network. Bravura Security Fabric  then communicates to Okta.
▪Less r epetitiv e  work for end-users: Users enter their pr ofile  ID only once. With SAML, users must enter ▪
their ID twice; once when in t er acting  with the Bravura Security Fabric  instance and again when
in t er acting  with the Okta login subsystem.
▪More consistent user experience per login: Users interact with just a single portal, the Bravura ▪
Security Fabric  instance rather than being redirected between two login pages.
Note that each portal can use its own cookie to auto-populate this input field,  which reduces the
impact on login attemp ts  from a previously used browser.
▪With API-based in t egr ation,  two diff er en t  users can sign into Bravura Security Fabric  from the same ▪
browser. With SAML-based in t egr ation,  it is more difficult  for users to share a browser; either the
previously signed-on user must sign off from both products when finished,  or the second user wishing
to use the browser must fir s t sign into Okta and only then can sign into Bravura Security Fabric .
▪API-based in t egr ation  is much easier to use in cases where users share a laptop and need access to ▪
'Self-Service, Anywhere' to reset f or g otten,  locally cached passwords using Bravura Security  ID Password
Manager.
▪It is possible to c on figur e  the Bravura Security  portal to prompt users to provide multiple  Okta factors, ▪
leading to multi- f act or  authentic ation  rather than strictly two-factor authentic ation.