3.Click Team: Manage Group Membership . 3.
4.Select the "Unix Admin Accounts" team.4.
Click Next .
5.On the Team Group List  page, select "Approver" and "Requester". 5.
Click Next .
6.In the Select Child Group for Approver  field,  select the "IT-UNIX-MANAGERS" group. 6.
7.In the Select Group Members for Requester  field,  select the user. 7.
8.Click Submit . 8.
Managing team group memberships
To update a group’s membership, log into Front-end (PSF) as a team trustee  and use the Team: Manage
Group Membership request. When selected, a wizard will guide you through the process of updating  the
team’s group membership.
This request can be made by either the team trustee of the team or the team administrator, however the
latter  will require authoriz ation  by the team trustee.
1.From the home page, click Manage resources . 1.
2.Click Team: Manage Group Membership . 2.
3.Select the team to be updated.3.Click Next .
4.Select the groups to be managed.4.Click Next .5.Add or remove users from the group.5.
You can add users who have pr ofiles  in Bravura Security Fabric , or add managed groups as child
groups.Click Submit .
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
6.Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 6.
Once submitted  and approved, the group’s membership will be updated with the users that have been
selected.
The request will not proceed if updating  a team group’s membership results in none of the groups with
team trustee privileges on a team with at least one user de fined.
Limiting  the number of child groups displayed
By default, child groups from all targets are selectable from the Team: Manage Group Membership  pr e-
de fined  request. To limit the amount of child groups by only displaying those from certain target systems,
a new entry can be added to the hid_global_c on figur ation  table for each target.
▪namespace : pam_team_management ▪
▪ setting : TEAM-MEMBERS ▪
▪key: TARGET_TO_SHOW ▪
▪value : the ID of the target system whose child groups will be shown ▪
API aut omation  for team group membership
Once the API has been c on figur ed  (See "SOAP API” in Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf )), and
your script has been authentic a t ed  to the API (Login or LoginEx API calls), the WF API calls can be used to
create an API request to manage team group membership.
Use the WFPDRSubmit function  to create a w orkflo w  request and submit the request for publishing.
When submitting  a request, use ”TEAM-MEMBERS” as the PDR ID. At a minimum, the request requires
the following attribut es:
attrk e y value
TC The name of the team.
TC_GROUPS The team group name(s).
*_MEMBERS The pr ofile  GUID of the user(s) for the team
group, where * is the team group name. This only
needs to be de fined  for team groups with the
Team_Trustees  privilege only.
TEAM-MEMBERS batch request sample"TC","TC_GROUPS","Group2_MEMBERS","Group3_MEMBERS" 
"TEAM-000000","Group2,Group3","5CA66384-6277-4360-B94F-9D34F4F36F13","1BE00757-
A15E-4BA1-A528-507AE744E47F"
Updating  a team
To update a team’s attribut es,  groups, privilege assignments, or trustees, log into Front-end (PSF) as a
team trustee and use the Team: Update request. When selected, a Wizard will guide you through the
process of updating  the team’s groups and privileges associated to those groups.
This request can be made by either the team trustee of the team or the team administrator, however the
latter  will require authoriz ation  by the team trustee.
1.From the home page, click Manage resources . 1.
2.Click Team: Update . 2.
3.Select the team to be updated.3.Click Next .
4.Update the team description  as necessary. 4.
5.Add or remove groups as necessary.5.