16. Click Query Designer... . 16.
17. Enter the report database user’s password. 17.
18. Click OK. 18.
19. Expand the database view in the left column to open Views . 19.
20. Select account . 20.21. Click OK. 21.
22. Click OK again. 22.
The dataset is created.
Design the report
To finaliz e  the design of the port using Report Builder:
1.Click Insert > Insert Table . 1.2.Click anywhere in the blank report to add the table.2.
A default table of three rows and three columns is inserted into the blank report.
3.Move the cursor to the right edge of the rectangle box in the third row, fir s t column. 3.
A drop-down list is displayed.
4.Select accountname . 4.
5.Move to the next cell and select hostid . 5.
6.Select fullname in the last cell. 6.
7.Give the report a title. 7.8.Click File > Save . 8.
9.Save the report under the report folder ReportItems\Example on the report server.9.
10. Click Run to see the rendered report. 10.
The report is rendered and displayed:11. Click Design to go back to edit mode. 11.
Check the Analytics  app
To check that the report appears correctly in the Analytics  app:
1.Log in to Front-end (PSF).1.
2.Click Analytics . 2.
3.View the new report in the Analytics  app. 3.Analytics  report s ynchr oniz ation
Applic ation  nodes may share an SSRS report server, or connect to their own SSRS report server. In either
case, each node has it’s own report folder on the report server. A report file that exists on the report
server can be viewed on that node’s Analytics  app. If users need to access the same reports from each
r eplic ation  node, a copy of the report file must also exist on the Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation
server.Applic ation  servers sharing same SSRS report server
Report files that exist on the SSRS report server can be downloaded to the applic ation  node in the
\<ins t ance>\analytics\R eportIt ems\  directory in order to synchronize them between applic ation  nodes.
The following use case demonstrates how to synchronize a report between applic ation  nodes:
1. Applic ation  node A connects to SSRS report server A, and applic ation  node B connects to SSRS report 1.
server B.
2.An administrator creates a custom report on an SSRS server that is accessed via the Analytics  app on 2.
Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation  node A.
3.The administrator uses the configureanalytics  utility  to copy report files from the report 3.
server A to the applic ation  node A, using the command:
configureanalytics.exe -publish
4.The administrator types the number corresponding to the report that is "New on report server" and4.
presses [Enter] .
The report file is downloaded to the \<ins t ance>\analytics\R eportIt ems\  on applic ation  node A.
5.The administrator synchronizes the files with Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation  node B using the 5.
adminis tr ativ e  interface: Manage the system > Maintenance > File s ynchr oniz ation .
During file s ynchr oniz ation,  the report files are copied from applic ation  node A to applic ation  node B,
then aut omatic ally  uploaded to report server B.
The same report can now be accessed from the Analytics  app on applic ation  node B.
For more in f ormation  on file s ynchr oniz ation  and r eplic ation,  see R eplic ation  and Recovery .
11 MORE...Part I API
Bravura Security Fabric  supports two types of web services: REST API and SOAP API.
REST (R epr esen t ational  State Transfer) API uses HTTP requests to retrieve and modify data. It follows a
client-server architecture where the server provides data resources and the client interacts with these
resources using standard HTTP methods like GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE. REST API uses standardized
formats such as JSON (JavaScript Object Not ation)  or XML (Extensible Markup Language) for data
exchange. It is stateless, meaning each request from the client to the server contains all the necessary
in f ormation  to execute the request, and no session state is stored on the server. REST APIs are widely
adopted in modern web, cloud and mobile applic ations  due to its lightweight nature.
SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol) API uses the XML format to send and receive data. Like the REST
API, it also follows a client-server architecture. SOAP APIs use standardized methods such as GET, POST,
PUT, and DELETE for data exchange, however the structure of the data is more complex. SOAP APIs are
stateful, meaning they maintain session state on the server, and each request from the client to the
server may rely on previous requests.
REST API and SOAP API have signific an t  diff er ences  in their architecture, data formats, and
char act eristics.
REST API SOAP API
Architecture Follows a stateless client-server
architecture.Follows a stateful client-server architecture.
Data Format Uses widely accepted data formats such
as JSON, XML, or plaintext.Uses XML only.
Message Structure Uses simple HTTP methods like GET,
POST, PUT, and DELETE to access and
manipulate data.Uses a more complex message structure and
protocol.
Web standard Uses common web standards such as
Swagger/OpenAPI.Uses its own standard called Web Services
Description  Language (WSDL)
Performance Performs better  than SOAP API due to its
stateless architecture, which eliminates
the need to maintain session state on the
server.Performs worse than REST API as its stateful
architecture can lead to higher overhead.
Flexibility More fle xible,  scalable, and adaptable to
changing requirements.More rigid and complex because of its strict
message format.
Bravura Security Fabric  has a suite of built-in REST API endpoints which is c ontinuously  being expanded
with each release, along with hundreds of built-in method functions  for the SOAP API.
The Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf ) guide provides a detailed overview of theSOAP API as
well as a complete function  reference.
See REST API reference documen t ation  for details on the REST API.REST API Authoriz ation  policies
Product administrators can use the REST API authoriz ation  policies  page to search, download, and reset
these policies to default.
The user interface allows you to identif y  which policies apply to which endpoints, and if they have been
modified  or if they are the default, shipped policies. You can also use this page to download the current
policy for each endpoint.
Click Manage the System > Polices >  REST API authoriz ation  policies.