If the only two members of this attribut e  group are MAQ_COMMAND and MAQCMD_SCOPE and a
request is submitted  that does not contain an account that can run commands, the MAQBASEATTR group
will not appear on the request details page.
However, if another attribut e  is a member of the MAQBASEATTR group, this group will appear on the
request page, whether the request includes accounts that can run the commands or not. For example,
you may create a custom attribut e  to collect extra in f ormation  about the request.
T r oubleshooting
Windows servers / w ork s t ations
If you are attempting  to run commands on Windows servers or w ork s t ations:
▪Ensure you have prepared the product server and the NT target server for remote management. See▪
Windows Server  in the Connector Pack documen t ation.
▪If you receive any error messages see ” T r oubleshooting ”  in the Windows Server  documen t ation.. ▪
Connector log
The connector log is retrieved for a run command oper ation  by default. You can customize the log within
the command. For example:
$path = 'c:\\temp\\';$file = 'textfile.txt';$file2 = 
csvfile.csv';New-Item-path $path -Name $file -
Value 'Test of creating a new 
txt file using the New-Item cmdlet. ' -ItemType file -force;$A = Get-
Date; 
Add-Content $path
$file2 $A; $commandOutput='Command Direct Out goes here'; 
$commandFile='output file content goes here'; 
Ensure the command is entered as a single line.Privileged access management options
This chapter describes options  that you can set globally for privileged access management. Product
administrators with all adminis tr ativ e  privileges enabled (superuser) can control:
▪Local service mode softw ar e  ins t allation ▪
▪Push mode initial  r andomiz ation ▪
▪Password r andomiz ation  intervals ▪
▪Account access check-in/check-out behavior▪
▪Group set access check-in/check-out behavior▪
▪Triggers for external programs▪
▪Access disclosure plugins▪
▪Email notific ation  intervals ▪
▪Generic access check-in/check-out retries▪
Product administrators can also c on figur e  these options  for each managed system policy to which they
are assigned permission. Group level settings  override global settings.  Some group level settings  are only
available if it applies to the authentic ation  type de fined  for the managed system policy.
See also: 
Bravura Security Fabric  includes access disclosure plugins to permit secure access to a password for a
privileged account.
See Access Disclosure Plugins  (on page 1957) for in f ormation  on c on figuring  these plugins.
General policy management options
Use options  available in the Manage the system > Privileged access > Options  > Managed system
policies menu to control:
▪Local service mode w ork s t ation  keys  (on page 1933) ▪
▪Local service mode create cr edentials  retry  (on page 1933) ▪
▪Local service mode softw ar e  ins t allation  (on page 1933) ▪
▪Local service mode c onnection  timeout  (on page 1933) ▪
▪Local service mode r es ynchr oniz ation  (on page 1933) ▪
▪User attribut e  updates  (on page 1934) ▪
▪Display of policy member systems  (on page 1934) ▪
▪Global management external program triggers  (on page 1934) ▪
▪ Con flicting  passwords  (on page 1936) ▪
▪Generic access check-in and check-out retries  (on page 1936) ▪Local service mode w ork s t ation  keys
Bravura Privilege  uses a key to ensure secure c ommunic ation  between a local service mode managed
system and the Bravura Security Fabric  server. For security purposes, this key is changed periodically.
Set the RESOURCE KEY CHANGE INTERVAL to control the interval, in days, after  which w ork s t ation  keys
are changed. The default is 30 days.
See Resource key  (on page 1831) for more in f ormation.
Local service mode create cr edentials  retry
Bravura Privilege  can be c on figur ed  to create adminis tr ativ e  accounts on Local W ork s t ation  Service mode
target systems. If the initial  create fails, additional  retries are governed by RES ADMIN CREATE RETRY
INTERVAL .
Con figur e  the RES ADMIN CREATE RETRY INTERVAL to determine the interval at which to retry. The
default is 1440 minutes.
See Cr eating  administrator accounts on target systems  (on page 1832) for more in f ormation.
Local service mode softw ar e  ins t allation
After  a Local W ork s t ation  Service registers with the Bravura Privilege  server and is managed, it c ontinues
to contact the server at the interval set by RES POLL INTERVAL . The default is 60 minutes.
The default port number for the Local W ork s t ation  Service listener using the RES LISTENER PORT option.
The Local W ork s t ation  Service will periodically contact the Bravura Privilege  server to obtain the options
that are set. The default interval is 86400 seconds. You can use the RES CONFIG UPDATE INTERVAL
option  to change this interval; the change will take e ff ect  the next time  the Local W ork s t ation  Service
contacts the server.
Local service mode c onnection  timeout
When the Bravura Privilege  server is slow in responding to a Local W ork s t ation  Service the service will
retry after  an amount of time  set by RES CONNECTION TIMEOUT . The default timeout  is 600 seconds.
Local service mode r es ynchr oniz ation
After  a Local W ork s t ation  Service registers with the Bravura Privilege  server and is managed, it will
aut omatic ally  resynchronize itself with the Bravura Privilege  server as c on figur ed  by the system variables
in the table below.
Privileged access: local w ork s t ation  mode r es ynchr oniz ation  variablesOption Description
RES RESYNC FAILURE RETRY
INTERVALThe interval (in minutes) a managed local
service mode system will wait before
attempting  to resynchronize with the
instance server after  a failed attemp t.  The
default is 120 minutes.
RES RESYNC INTERVAL The interval (in minutes) a managed local
service mode system will wait before
resynchronizing with the instance server. The
default is 10080 minutes (approximately 1
week).
RES TRANSACTION FAILURE RETRY
INTERVALThe interval (in minutes) a managed local
service mode system will wait before sending
a tr ansaction  to the instance server after  a
failed attemp t.  The default is 60 minutes.
See Resynchronizing a local service mode system  (on page 1833) for more in f ormation  about
r es ynchr oniz ation.
User attribut e  updates
Changes made to user attribut es  on a local service mode managed system are updated on the next poll
of the Local W ork s t ation  Service. You can c on figur e  this so that some user attribut es  are updated less
frequently than the default poll time  of the Local W ork s t ation  Service.
Using a separate time  interval RES ATTRIBUTE UPDATE DELAY , you can control the delay in which the
user attribut es  will be updated. By default, the delay is set to 60 minutes.
Only user attribut es  specified  in RES DELAY UPDATE ATTRIBUTES are updated according to this time
interval, otherwise they are updated after  every poll. By default, the pwda (password age) user attribut e
is updated using the RES ATTRIBUTE UPDATE DELAY .
Display of policy member systems
Bravura Privilege  displays member systems for each managed account on the Managed accounts page.
Set the RES NUM SYSTEMS DISPLAY option  to control the maximum number of member systems to
display per account the Managed accounts page of a managed system policy. The default value is 3.
Global management external program triggers
Managed system policy exit points do not override global settings  and vice versa; however, in the case
where an exit point is c on figur ed  to run the same program from both loc ations,  only one instance of the
program is run. The following events can trigger email or other external program actions:
Privileged access: global managed system events that launch interface programsOption Description
RES ADD WSTN FAILURE A system fails to be added to the list of
managed systems.
RES ADD WSTN SUCCESS A system is successfully added to the list of
managed systems.
RES DEL GROUP FAILURE A policy fails to be removed from the list of
managed system policies.
RES DEL GROUP SUCCESS A policy is removed from the list of
managed system policies.
RES DEL WSTN FAILURE A managed system fails to be removed
from the list of managed systems. The trap
is triggered when:
▪A system (push, local service, or user▪
managed) is successfully deleted from
the list of managed systems.
▪The Aut omatic ally  create a Privileged ▪
Access Manager managed system
option  is unchecked on the Target
system in f ormation  page for a push
mode managed system.
▪The push mode managed system is▪
deleted from the list of target systems.
RES DEL WSTN SUCCESS A system is removed from the list of
managed systems.
RES GROUP WSTN FAILURE A system fails to be added to a managed
system policy.
RES GROUP WSTN SUCCESS A system was successfully added to a
managed system policy.
The exit point is triggered when:
▪A managed system is manually added to▪
a managed system policy. A managed
system can be added to a policy from
either the Managed systems menu or
the Managed system policies menu. The
exit point is triggered in both scenarios.
▪A local service mode system▪
successfully adds itself as a managed
system.
▪A PSLANG expression or plugin is used▪
to add a managed system to a managed
system policy.Option Description
RES ID CONFLICT Local service mode managed systems with
c on flicting  system identifier s  are detected.
The Local W ork s t ation  Service on the
a ff ect ed  system will be shut
down .
RES REINSTALL A local service is reinstalled.
RES UNGROUP WSTN FAILURE A managed system fails to be removed
from a managed system policy.
RES UNGROUP WSTN SUCCESS A managed system is successfully removed
from a managed system policy. The trap is
not triggered when a managed system is
deleted from the list of managed systems,
even though that also removes the system
from all the policies it belongs to.
RES UPDATE WSTN FAILURE The c on figur ation  settings  of a managed
system fail to be updated from the request
privileged access (PSW) module.
RES UPDATE WSTN SUCCESS The c on figur ation  settings  of a managed
system are successfully updated from the
Request privileged access (PSW) module.
See Event actions  (exit traps)  (on page 1523) for more in f ormation  about c on figuring  event actions.
Con flicting  passwords
You can choose whether to aut omatic ally  resolve c on flicting  passwords or set a limit on how many
c on flicting  passwords can be processed at once.
Privileged access: c on flicting  passwords variables
Option Description
PASSWORD CONFLICT ATTEMPT
VERIFICATIONAttemp t  to aut omatic ally  resolve c on flict ed
passwords by running agents and querying
replicas. This is enabled by default.
PASSWORD VERIFICATION BATCH
LIMITThe maximum size of a password
v erific ation  batch. The default is 50.
See Con flict  r esolution  (on page 1891) for more in f ormation.
Generic access check-in and check-out retries
If a generic access check-in or check-out fails, aut omatic  retry attemp ts  occur as c on figur ed  by the system
variables in the table below.Privileged access: generic access variables
Option Description
PAM ACTION CI RETRY INTERVAL The interval (in minutes) to wait before
retrying a generic access check-in attemp t.
The default is 1 minute. This value must
be less than PAM ACTION CI RETRY
TIMEOUT .
PAM ACTION CI RETRY TIMEOUT The timeout  (in minutes) at which retry
attemp ts  stop for generic access check-ins.
The default is 10 minutes.
PAM ACTION CO RETRY INTERVAL The timeout  (in minutes) at which retry
attemp ts  stop for generic access check-ins.
The default is 10 minutes.
Generic access check-in retry attemp ts  cannot be disabled.
Privileged access check-in / check-out options
Bravura Privilege  allows regular users to request temporary privileged access to managed systems, for
themselves or other users, using authoriz ation  w orkflo w .
Some examples of privileged access:
▪Access to a single adminis tr ativ e  account ▪
▪Access to keys▪
▪Access to documents▪
▪Temporary group membership using group sets▪
▪The ability to run commands on multiple  systems and accounts ▪
Requests can be auto-approved for certain users, or require approval by authorizers . If approval is
required, Bravura Privilege  notifies  one or more authorizers, by email or other means, that they need to
review the request. Bravura Security recommends that as a best pr actice  Bravura Privilege  auto approves
most requests (80%+); when an authorizer receives too many requests, they tend to approve requests
without reading them. This is called approver f atigue .
Checking out account access does not allow a user to reset or change the account’s password.
If approved, a user can check out the requested privileged access. Broadly, the check-out w orkflo w
proceeds as follows:
1.A user logs into the Front-end  and clicks the Privileged access link. 1.
2.From the available menu options,  the user chooses: 2.
▪Accounts to select one or more adminis tr ativ e  accounts. ▪
▪Account sets to select an e xisting  account set. ▪
▪Group sets to select from a list of group sets. ▪
3.The user selects an account, group set, or account set and begins the request for access.3.4.The user enters required in f ormation,  including the time  needed for the check-out, and submits the 4.
request. You can grant permission for users to bypass this step and proceed to Step 6.
5.Bravura Privilege  notifies  appropriate authorizers who must log in to approve, modify, or deny the 5.
request.
6.If approved, the user logs in to check out the access privilege. The account access or group6.
membership applies once they have it checked out.
In the case of account check-outs, access disclosure plugins provide the user with access to the
password or aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system.
In the case of account set check-outs, user can access each individual account included in the set and
may be able to run command on multiple  systems.
7.The user checks in when finished  with the accounts or group membership. Bravura Privilege  forces 7.
the check-in after  a certain time.  The user can check out and check in once during an authorized
interval. Messages can be c on figur ed  to display to users how much check-out time  is remaining and
that the check-out time  has expired. See Privileged access request messages  (on page 1950).
Note: When a one-time  disclosure plug-in is downloaded and executed, the
plug-in will check with Bravura Privilege  to determine how much time  is
left in the checkout, or if the authorized interval has expired. This also
applies to one-time  plug-ins that have been saved for future use.
In the case of account check-outs, the password is randomized upon check-in.
Checking access privileges in and out allows Bravura Privilege  to control and audit who has access to an
account or group set and when, and provides “dual-key” limit ations  on account access.
This section  describes processes and options  for:
▪Controlling user access request c apabilities  (on page 1938)  ▪
▪ Con figuring  account access check-out options  (on page 1940)  ▪
▪ Con figuring  group set check-out options  (on page 1945)  ▪
▪Checking in access  (on page 1949)  ▪
▪Privileged access request messages  (on page 1950)  ▪
This section  also describes Check-in / check-out notific ations  (on page 1952).
In this section,  unless specified,  account access refers to both single account and account set access
requests.
Controlling user access request c apabilities
This sub section  describes:
▪Who can check out privileged account access▪
▪Who can check out group sets▪
▪Who can see managed system and account in f ormation ▪
▪Who can see check-out in f ormation ▪
▪Who can request check-out extensions▪Who can check out privileged account access
By default, any user can request permission to access managed accounts on any managed system. You
can control this by:
▪Disabling the IDARCHIVE PASSWORD REQUESTED setting  on the Modules > Privileged access  menu. ▪
This changes the default behavior so that users must be assigned to a user group with appropriate
permission. See Privileged access app  (on page 1251) for more module options.
▪Specifying a user class in ACCESS ACCOUNTSETS USERCLASS setting  on the Modules > Privileged access ▪
menu.
This changes the default behavior so that only users belonging to the specified  user class can access
managed account sets.
▪Enable the ACCESS PERSONALADMINACCOUNTS USERCLASS setting  on the Modules > Privileged ▪
access  menu.
This setting  de fines  the user class that filt er s  users who can view the personal admin accounts filt er  in
the Privileged access . If the owner of the personal adminis tr ativ e  account is part of the user class
specified,  the personal admin accounts filt er  will be displayed in the Privileged access . See Privileged
access app  (on page 1251) for more module options.
▪Assigning users to groups.▪
Users can also be granted permission to check out account access privileges without authoriz ation.
▪ Con figuring  access controls from within a managed system policy . ▪
Checking out account access does not allow a user to reset a password or to c on figur e  managed systems
or managed system policies.
Who can check out group sets
By default, any user can request permission to groups for any managed system. You can control this by:
▪Disabling the IDARCHIVE GSET REQUESTED setting  on the Modules > Privileged access  menu. This ▪
changes the default behavior so that users must be assigned to a user group with appropriate
permission. See Privileged access app  (on page 1251) for more module options.
▪Specifying a user class in ACCESS GROUPSETS USERCLASS setting  on the Modules > Privileged access ▪
menu.
This changes the default behaviour so that only users belonging to the specified  user class can access
group sets.
▪Assigning users to groups. Users can also be granted permission to check out group set access▪
privileges without authoriz ation.
Who can see managed system and account in f ormation
By default, all requesters can view additional  in f ormation  about the managed system and account when
r equesting  account access. This in f ormation  can be accessed from a hyperlink that will be shown
whenever the managed system or account name is displayed.All default push and local service mode managed system policies will have the View in f ormation:
Managed systems/Managed accounts/Group sets/Account sets access control enabled for the
ALLREQUESTERS and ALLRECIPIENTS user groups.
You can choose not to disclose this in f ormation  for any future push or local service mode managed
system policies created. To do this, go to Modules > Privileged access  menu and set IDARCHIVE VIEW
MANAGED SYSTEM ACCOUNT INFO to Disabled . Modifying this option  will not a ff ect  any managed
system policies created prior to this change.
Who can see check-out in f ormation
Users may be able to view details about who has currently checked out the password or group set  and the
maximum number of check-outs allowed. This is controlled by the RES PWD CICO VIEW DETAILS and RES
GSET CICO VIEW DETAILS settings  on the Manage the system  > Modules  > Privileged access  page.
Standard details include password or group set status, expiry time  and last change, whether the
password or group set can be requested, or whether a request has been approved and when it can be
checked out.
Who can request check-out extensions
By default, any user can request a check-out extension to an activ e  managed account or group set access.
You can control this by:
▪Removing the "Request check-out extensions" privilege for ALLREQUESTERS in the Manage the ▪
system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s > Global help desk  rules.
This changes the default behavior so that check-out extensions are disabled for privileged access
requests.
▪Specifying a user class in the ACCESS EXTENSIONS USERCLASS setting  on the Manage the system  > ▪
Modules > Privileged access  menu.
This changes the default behavior so that only users belonging to the specified  user class can request
check-out extensions.
Account access check-out options
The managed system policy must have the password or SSH key authentic ation  type in order to c on figur e
account access check-out options.  Use options  available in the Manage the system > Privileged access >
Options  > General > Account access request menu to control:
▪Account access request behavior  (on page 1941) ▪
▪Account access check-out external program triggers  (on page 1943) ▪
Options  that can be c onfigured  on both Account access request and Group set access request tabs
share the same value.
Options  for external program triggers for generic access check-outs are available in Manage the system >
Modules > Privileged access .