Option Description
CERT SINGLE USER CONFIGURATION Type the ID of a saved certific ation  setup to load default attribut es  to
display, and the r emediation  pr e-de fined  requests, when initiating  a review
of all entitlemen ts  for a user from their pr ofile  page.
CERT SIZE WARNING THRESHOLD Display a warning to the certific ation  campaign initia t or  if the number of
selected items exceeds the threshold.
CERT VALIDITY INTERVAL The in f ormation  being certified  is valid for this many days after  the
certific ation  has finished,  with the e x ception  of self -certific ation,  which is
not counted.
If a new certific ation  campaign is started within this time  frame, the users,
login IDs, and group memberships certified  in the previous campaign are
identified  as certified.  The most recent certific ation  of any type is used
when determining if the data is current; for example, if group memberships
were certified  during a target certific ation,  those memberships are
identified  as certified  if a group certific ation  is started within the validity
interval.
Items that are identified  as certified  can be optionally  r e-certified  to extend
their validity.
ORGCHART MODS FREEZE CERT
SEGMENTSEnable this option  if you want to ensure that OrgChart modific ations,  such
as transfers and new subordinates, do not cause changes to an ongoing
certific ation  campaign process; for example, segments will not be
reopened, and segments will not be added for new subordinate managers.
When disabled, for example, segments for managers who are detached
during a certific ation  campaign will be closed, and deleting  a sub-manager
will cause esc alations.
This option  is disabled by default.
Do not enable or disable this option  during an activ e  certific ation  campaign;
it will cause the behavior to change.
Manage certific ation  process (CERT) events that launch interface programs
The following certific ation  options  can be accessed from Manage the system  > Maintenance > System
variables  or Manage the system  > Modules > Manage certific ation  process (CERT):
Option Description
CERT REMOVE USER SUCCESS A user is successfully removed during an access certific ation
campaign.
CERT SIGN OFF An access certific ation  campaign completes.
CERT START ROUND FAILURE An access certific ation  campaign fails to start.
CERT START ROUND SUCCESS An access certific ation  campaign starts successfully.
View dashboards (DASH)
This section  shows you how to c on figur e  the View dashboards (DASH) module to control dashboard-
related intervals and delays.To c on figur e  the View dashboards (DASH) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > View dashboards ( DASH ). 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table View dashboards (DASH) module options  (on page 1162) as required. 2.
3.Click Update to submit the changes. 3.
View dashboards (DASH) module options
Option Description
DASH CERT CACHE MAX DELAY Certific ation:  Delay, in a range of 1 to 30 seconds, used by the
certific ation  dashboard to determine whether data should be retrieved
from a cache or recomputed. The value must be between 1 and 30.
Default is 15.
DASH CERT CACHE VALIDITY INTERVAL Certific ation:  Time span, in minutes, during which the certific ation
dashboard considers that its cache is still valid. The value must be
between 1 and 1440. Default is 60 minutes.
DASH CERT INCLUDE SUBS Certific ation:  Include indirect subordinates while compiling s t atistics  for
the certific ation  dashboard.
DASH PSA CACHE MAX DELAY Enrollment: Delay, in a range of 1 to 30 seconds, used by the dashboard
to determine whether data should be retrieved from a cache or
recomputed. The value must be between 1 and 30. Default is 15.
DASH PSA CACHE VALIDITY INTERVAL Enrollment: Time span, in minutes, during which the dashboard
considers that its cache is still valid. The value must be between 1 and
1440. Default is 60 minutes.
DASH PSW CACHE MAX DELAY Privileged access: Delay, in a range of 1 to 30 seconds, used by the
privileged access dashboards to determine whether data should be
retrieved from a cache or recomputed. The value must be between 1
and 30. Default is 15.
DASH PSW CACHE VALIDITY INTERVAL Privileged access: Time span, in minutes, during which the privileged
access dashboards considers that its cache is still valid. The value must
be between 1 and 1440. Default is 60 minutes.
DASH TIMEOUT DELAY Dashboard cache r ec alculation  maximum timeout,  in hours. If a refresh
is older than the number of hours specified,  it will be removed and the
refresh of the cache will be re-enabled. The value must be between 1
and 24. Default is 6.
DASH WORK CACHE MAX DELAY W orkflo w:  Delay, in a range of 1 to 30 seconds, used by the w orkflo w
dashboard to determine whether data should be retrieved from a cache
or recomputed. The value must be between 1 and 30. Default is 15.
DASH WORK CACHE VALIDITY INTERVAL W orkflo w:  Time span, in minutes, during which the w orkflo w  dashboard
considers that its cache is still valid. The value must be between 1 and
1440. Default is 60 minutes. If this variable is set to 0 the default time
will be used.
See also: 
See REPORTS  (on page 2891) for more in f ormation  about viewing the dashboards.External Data Store (DBE)
The Manage external data store  (DBE) module allows product administrators to view and update data on
external database tables on a SQLite c onnection.  The data can be accessed through an API Service
(idapi ) function  call. This provides the ability to use external in f ormation  in plugin points and a means
to maintain the external in f ormation.   
Requirements 
A SQLite file, named extdb.db , must be located in the <Program Files path>\Bravura Security\Bravura
Security Fabric\<instance>\db\  directory of the instance.
Tools from http:// sqlit e.or g  can be used to create the file and tables as required.
Product administrators require the Manage external data store  privilege to access the Manage external data
store  (DBE) module. Once the adminis tr ativ e  privilege is granted and the requirements are met, the
Manage external data store  link is displayed on Front-end .
Con figur ation
By default, product administrator s can only view the table. You can allow product administrator s to update
tables using one of two options  on the Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage external data store  (dbe)
menu:
▪DBE ACL PLUGIN – this plugin can grant write access to particular  product administrator s. ▪
▪DBE DEFAULT ACL – allows product administrator s to update tables by default. ▪
To enable the plugin, type the name of the plugin in the DBE ACL PLUGIN field.
Once c on figur ed,  the plugin is executed when a product administrator  with the Manage external data store
privilege accesses the Manage external data store  link. The output of the plugin script determines which
tables the console user has access to update or read.
If the user only has read access on the table, they can either specify a filt er  (where clause) or page
through the rows of the table.
If the user has read/write access, then they can filt er  the data shown (where clause) or page through to
find the data they choose to update.
If the DBE ACL PLUGIN is not c on figur ed  the default ACL is to prevent the user from viewing the tables.
This can be changed with the DBE DEFAULT ACL system variable. If this system variable is enabled then
any user with the Manage external data store  privilege will have full read and write access to all the tables.
The DBE DATA MODIFIED field  allows you to trigger an external program when data is modified  within
external database store. See Event actions  (on page 1523) for more in f ormation.
Bravura Security Fabric  provides a sample plugin plugin-dbe-acl.psl  that is included in the
<instance>\samples\ directory.
See more in f ormation  on writing  a custom pluginEx ecution  points
The plugin is run when the user selects the Manage external data store  link.
Input
Input to the plugin includes only the following:
"" "" = {
  "user" = "<Profile ID>"
}
Output
The output includes the tables that are allowed to be accessed. Read or read/write access can be set for
specific  tables. Access can also be granted to all tables with read/write access.
The plugin returns the following in f ormation:
"" "" = {
  "retval" = "<N>" # O on success; Non-zero for failure
  "errmsg" = "<Error message>" # Any error messages to return
  "ACLS" "<ALLOW_ALL|
>" = {  # The access controls to grant to the user.
        # If ALLOW_ALL is set as the name, then all tables are given read/
write access.
         # Otherwise, key-value pairs are used.
        "<table name>" = "<R|W>" # Grant read (R) or read/
write (W) access on the table.
  }
}
.
Viewing and updating  Manage external data store tables
Updates to the SQLite file can only be made by the instance that runs the PSUPDATE job. Only this node
can allow changes to the file and will replicate this file out to all nodes during auto discovery.
The data within the SQLite file can be accessed using the API Service ( idapi ) function  ExtDBQueryExec.
The query and bind values provided will return result sets that can be used by the caller. This in f ormation
can contain custom data that is used by exit traps or plugins for business logic decisions.
The SQLite file is replicated between nodes using the File r eplic ation  service ( idfilerep ) (on page
2862).
With Manage external data store  (DBE) module:
▪The SQLite file is updated on the node that runs the PSUPDATE task. ▪
▪Changes made to the SQLite file will not be replicated to other servers until  PSUPDATE occurs ▪▪The SQLite file can be viewed on all other nodes in read-only mode. ▪
With API Service:
▪The ExtDBQueryExec function  can be used to run SQL statements ▪
▪Results are returned from the SQL statement and can be used with-in plugins or exit traps to make▪
business logic decisions.
Bravura Security Fabric  does not enforce the constraint that only one server update the SQLite data file.
To ensure consistent behavior across all servers in a replicated environment, avoid updating  extdb
dynamically during runtime;  instead, update it only during auto discovery  before file r eplic ation  occurs.
In a replicated environment where it is necessary to dynamically update extdb  without file r eplic ation
following immediately after ,  all access to extdb should be made via API calls to the server responsible
for updating  extdb .
E diting  table values
To edit external data store (extdb) tables:
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as a product administrator with the Manage external data store 1.
privilege .
2.From the main menu, click Manage external data store . 2.
3.Search for or select the table you want to edit.3.
Tables with many columns can be wide and require horizontal scrolling to edit. Paging na vig ation  is in
the top right corner.
Each column header has a "help" string accessible on-mouse-over the help icon 
 .
4.Browse the table rows, or use the Search field  on the top left side of the table view where you can add 4.
SQL WHERE clauses to filt er  the records, for example:
Attribute='TERM-STATE-CHANGE'
or search for substrings
Attribute like 'TERM-%'
5.Once you identif y  the row, click the edit icon 
  (at the start of each row) to edit tables in v ertic al 5.
mode.Alt ernativ ely ,  you can use other tools, such as the free SqliteStudio, to edit the instance's db\extdb.db
SQLite database use on the primary node server.
Allowed IDs
Each column can be c on figur ed  in the Manage external data store  (DBE) module to restrict the value to an
ID within the product. An Allowed IDs drop box is available to superusers for each column. Once the
Allowed IDs are set, any rows updated or added must match the specified  ID. product administrator s only
see the setting  and cannot change the column setting.
Foreign Keys
When a table references foreign keys, all rows need to respect the foreign key r elationship.  If a table has
foreign keys, a button  is available on the left of every row. Destination  or source tables can be viewed by
clicking this button.
If there is only one foreign key, the button  is named after  the table being referenced. Otherwise, the
button  is named ”Foreign keys”, and clicking the button  brings up a pop-up that lists each foreign key.When a foreign key is selected, a query displays the rows in the referenced table that matches the source
value.On a destination  table, columns that include a foreign key constraint display a magnifying glass to select
the value from the source table.
Changes are not c ommitted  until  Update is clicked.
Removing a row from the source table might not be permitted  until  foreign key references are removed in
destination  tables.