Table c on figur ation  options
Each table in the Manage external data store  (DBE) module has c on figur ation  options  that only product
administrator s with all adminis tr ativ e  privileges (superuser) can modify. Superusers can access the
c on figur ation  options  by clicking on the plus ( +) symbol.
The following options  can be set for each table:
▪Read-only options: ▪
▪Select Read-only to make the whole table read only. ▪
▪Specify Read-only rows based on a column value. ▪
▪Default search query – Once set only certain data will be displayed each time  the table is viewed. ▪
▪Group – Used to organize the tables and make searching for sets of tables easier. ▪
▪ Description  – Used to organize tables and make searching for them easier. ▪
▪Column groups – Use a comma-delimited list to create groups for table columns. An example of this ▪
would be to create groups using ”Required,Non-required” as input then assigning columns
accordingly.
▪ Ins tructions  – Used to provide table users with additional  in f ormation  about the table or usage ▪
ins tructions.
The following options  can be set for each column:
▪ Description  – Used to explain in detail the contents of the column if the column name is insufficien t. ▪
▪Allowed IDs – Used to restrict what data can be added to the column. ▪
▪Read-only – Select to make the column read only. ▪
▪Uppercase – Select to display text in uppercase. ▪
▪Display width – Used to set column width. ▪
Click Update in the c on figur ation  section  to save the settings.   
R eplic ation
R eplic ation  between nodes can be done through one of the following:
▪The scheduled auto discovery process which, by default, happens once a day▪
▪A Windows scheduled task which, by default, happens once every fiv e minutes ▪
▪The Manage external data store  (dbe) module web interface by clicking Replicate on the Table ▪
in f ormation  page, which happens immediately
▪The Ins t anceRunUtility  API ▪
R eplic ation  can only be triggered by the primary node; that is, the node with auto discovery scheduled.
Digital ID (DID)
This section  shows you how to c on figur e  the Digital ID  (DID) module, which is used to update the Lotus
Notes ID file repository on the Bravura Security Fabric  server, particularly  when managing Lotus Notes
passwords with Bravura Security Fabric . For a complete e xplanation  of the challenges involved incertific a t e  management with Lotus Notes ID File passwords and some possible solutions,  see the Lotus
Domino Server  in the Connector Pack Documen t ation.
To c on figur e  the Digital ID  (DID) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Digital ID (DID). 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table Digital ID  (DID) module options  (on page 1172) as required. 2.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Digital ID events  (on page 1172), Digital ID events 3.
(on page 1545) trigger external programs.
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
Digital ID  (DID) module options
Option Description
DID ASSOCIATION Select the method to use to associate users. Choose from:
▪Network oper ating  system ID association ▪
▪Single client ID association ▪
▪ Multiple  client ID association ▪
See DID association  (on page 1172) for details.
DID REG VALIDATION PLUGIN Type the name of the plugin program or PSLang script to use to validate new
digital ID r egis tr ation  requests.
See Digital ID r egis tr ation  (on page 1173) for details.
Digital ID events
The following Digital ID  (DID) module options  can be accessed from Manage the system  > Maintenance >
System variables  or Manage the system  > Modules  > Digital ID (DID) .
Option Description
DID REGISTER FAILURE A digital ID fails to register.
DID REGISTER SUCCESS A digital ID is successfully registered.
DID SEND SUCCESS A digital ID is successfully uploaded.
DID UPDATE SUCCESS A digital ID is successfully updated (after  a password change using the Lotus
Notes client).
DID association
Network oper ating  system ID association  is the default association  mode. It associates a registered ID file
with a user’s network account ID. The fir s t network account ID to successfully register the ID file obtains
the association.
Client ID association  is useful when a single user has multiple  network oper ating  system ID’s, but only a
single digital ID. Additional  uses for this type of association  are shared w ork s t ations  (kiosks) where a user
does not log in or out of the oper ating  system. There are two types of client ID association:Single Under single client ID association,  the fir s t client w ork s t ation  that successfully registers a
digital ID is the w ork s t ation  that will be associated with that ID.
Multiple Under multiple  client ID association,  digital ID files can be registered from multiple
w ork s t ations.  The digital ID is not associated with a single w ork s t ation.  Once registered,
updates to the digital ID can come from either an applic ation  (for example, Notes) or from
Bravura Security Fabric .
Digital ID r egis tr ation
You can c on figur e  a plugin to validate incoming requests for new Digital ID r egis tr ation  requests.
The Digital ID r egis tr ation  v alidation  plugin receives in f ormation  about:
▪Account ID (DN of the Digital ID)▪
▪NOS ID▪
▪Client ID▪
▪Target ID▪
▪Mail server▪
The plugin returns whether the r egis tr ation  should be allowed.
To c on figur e  this plugin, type the plugin’s full name in the DID REG VALIDATION PLUGIN field  on the
Manage the system  > Modules  > Digital ID  page.
A built-in plugin, nos-validate.pss  is shipped with Bravura Security Fabric . The nos-
validate.pss  plugin checks whether the matching account table entry for this r egis tr ation  has a user
ID (shortid)  that matches the NOS ID of the incoming r egis tr ation.  If the user ID and NOS ID do not match,
the ID file is not uploaded to the did table.
See more in f ormation  on writing  a customized plugin
Requirements
See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Ex ecution  points
The Digital ID r egis tr ation  v alidation  plugin is run by the Digital ID (DID) module when a r egis tr ation
request is received.
Input
Following is an example of the input required for this plugin:
   "" "" = {
     "ACCOUNTID" = "CN=test 2/O=bravura"
     "CLIENTID" = "WINXP206"
     "MAILSERVER" = "CN=win2k4/O=bravura"
     "NOSID" = "Administrator77"     "TARGETID" = "NOTES"
   }
Output
Following is an example of the output expected for this plugin:
   "" "" = {
     "errmsg" = "Everything is good :)"
     "retval" = "0"
   }
.
Unlock encrypted systems/accounts (HDD)
Users with access to Bravura Pass ’s web interface can recover an encrypted system through the Unlock
encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) module.
To c on figur e  options  for the Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) . 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in the table below. 2.
3.Click Update to submit the changes. 3.
For more detail see Encrypted systems/accounts  (on page 1645).
Modules > Unlock encrypted systems/accounts HDD options
Options Description
HDD CHALLENGE FORMAT Specify a format for the challenge code string.
See Overriding the string format for challenge/response codes  (on page
1646) for more in f ormation
HDD ENABLED Enable/disable the HDD module.This is enabled by default.
HDD RESPONSE FORMAT Specify a format for the response code string.
See Overriding the string format for challenge/response codes  (on page
1646) for more in f ormation
Help users (IDA)
Users who are granted rights as help desk user s use this module to administer users that have at least one
account. This can include:
▪Modifying user pr ofile  status ▪
▪ Attaching  e xisting  IDs ▪
▪Changing passwords▪
▪Modifying security questions ▪Console-only users, such as the superuser, do not have access to the Help users  (IDA) module or other
self-service modules.
In order for help desk user s to unlock users accounts via the Help users  menu, you must enable the Unlock
accounts  (PSR) module.
In order for help desk user s to manage token via the Help users  menu, you must enable the Manage tokens
(PSP) module.
To c on figur e  options  that apply to the Help users  (IDA) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules > Help users  (IDA). 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table Modules > Help users  (IDA) options  (on page 1175)  as required. 2.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Help users  (IDA) module events that launch 3.
interface programs  (on page 1175), Help users  (IDA) module events that launch interface programs  (on
page 1543),.
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
Modules > Help users  (IDA) options
Option Description
ADMIN ATTACH USERS ONLY TO
EXISTING ACCOUNTSWhen enabled, help desk users can only attach  users to e xisting  accounts.
ADMIN ATTACH USERS ONLY TO
VALID ACCOUNTSWhen enabled, help desk users can only attach  users to valid accounts.
ADMIN AUTH USR MANDATORY When enabled, help desk users must authentic a t e  on behalf of users unless
help desk users have been granted the Bypass security questions  user
access rule.
ADMIN TOKEN CLEAR SET Allows help desk users to clear or set users’ PINs.
ADMIN TOKEN EMERGENCY Allows help desk users to toggle Emergency Access Mode for users’ tokens.
ADMIN TOKEN ENABLE DISABLE Allows help desk users to enable or disable users’ tokens.
ADMIN TOKEN RESYNC Allows help desk users to re-synchronize users’ tokens.
A RESET EXT The name of an external plugin program or <PSLANG> script that supplies
HTML to the Change passwords page. See Adding new functionality  and
HTML  (on page 1149).
A RESET TO PUSHPASS Use the Password Manager service ( idpm ) to retry failed assisted password
changes.
Help users  (IDA) module events that launch interface programs
The following Help users (IDA) module options  can be accessed from Manage the system  > Maintenance
> System variables  or Manage the system  > Modules > Help users (IDA):
Option Description
ADMIN AUTH USR FAILURE A help desk user fails to correctly answer authentic ation  questions  on
behalf of a caller.Option Description
ADMIN AUTH USR SUCCESS A help desk user correctly answers authentic ation  questions  on behalf of a
caller, or bypasses the security questions.
ADMIN CGI PLUGIN RUN The external HTML plugin, specified  by A RESET EXT, is run.
ADMIN DELALIAS FAILURE A help desk user fails to delete a user’s account.
ADMIN DE ALIAS SUCCESS A help desk user successfully deletes a user’s account.
ADMIN DISABLE USER A help desk user disables a user’s login ID.
ADMIN DUPLICATE ALIAS A help desk user tries to attach  an account for a user when the account is
already in use.
ADMIN ENABLE USER A help desk user enables a user’s login ID
ADMIN QAADD FAILURE A help desk user tries to add one or more new question/ ans w er  pairs for a
user, but fails for some reason.
ADMIN QAADD SUCCESS A help desk user de fines  one or more new question/ ans w er  pairs for a
user, then submits the changes for the question  set.
ADMIN QADELETE SUCCESS A help desk user deletes one or more e xisting  question/ ans w er  pairs for a
user, then submits the changes for the question  set.
ADMIN QAUPDATE FAILURE A help desk user tries to change one or more e xisting  question/ ans w er
pairs for a user, but fails for some reason.
ADMIN QAUPDATE SUCCESS A help desk user changes one or more e xisting  question/ ans w er  pairs for a
user, then submits the changes for the question  set.
ADMIN RESET FAILURE A help desk user with the ”change password” privilege fails to change a
user’s password.
ADMIN RESET START A help desk user with the ”change password” privilege starts to change a
user’s password.
ADMIN RESET SUCCESS A help desk user with the ”change password” privilege successfully
changes a user’s password.
ADMIN SEARCH FAILURE A caller account is not found in a search using the Help users.
ADMIN SEARCH SUCCESS A caller account is successfully found in a search using the Help users.
ADMIN UNLOCK FAILURE A help desk user fails to unlock a user.
ADMIN UNLOCK START A help desk user starts to unlock a user.
ADMIN UNLOCK SUCCESS A help desk user successfully unlocks a user.
ADMIN UNLOCK USER A user unlocks another user.
ADMIN UPDALIAS FAILURE A help desk user fails to update a user’s accounts.
ADMIN UPDALIAS SUCCESS A help desk user successfully updates a user’s accounts.Manage the OrgChart (IDG)
The Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module allows product administrator s to:
▪ Identif y  managers and their subordinates ▪
In some or g aniz ations,  a Bravura Security Fabric  administrator could simply identif y  the top-level
manager, such as a CEO, then initia t e  an Org building round to build the OrgChart. In other cases,
product administrator s could build parts or all of the OrgChart, then initia t e  an Org building round to
have managers verify the in f ormation.
▪ Identif y  users who no longer report to a certain manager ▪
▪Transfer users from one manager to another▪
To c on figur e  the Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) . 1.
2.If you want to allow product administrator s to detach a manager and all subordinates below the 2.
selected manager’s level, turn on the IDG ALLOW DETACH TREE option.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module events that 3.
launch interface programs  (on page 1177), Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module events that launch
interface programs  (on page 1544).
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module events that launch interface programs
The following Manage the OrgChart  (IDG) module options  can be accessed from Manage the system  >
Maintenance > System variables  > or Manage the system  > Modules >  Manage the OrgChart  (IDG):
Option Description
IDG ATTACH SUBORDINATE A user attaches  a subordinate in an or g aniz ation  chart when using the
Manage the OrgChart module.
IDG DETACH SUBORDINATE A user detaches a subordinate in an or g aniz ation  chart when using the
Manage the OrgChart module.
IDG TRANSFER SUBORDINATE A user transfers a subordinate in an or g aniz ation  chart when using the
Manage the OrgChart module.
IDG TRANSFER SUBORDINATE A user transfers a subordinate from another manager in an or g aniz ation
chart when using the Manage the OrgChart module.
Browse the OrgChart (IDO)
The Browse the OrgChart  (IDO) module allows users to browse the OrgChart to see which users report to a
manager. Managers use the Browse the OrgChart  (ido) module to:
▪View the OrgChart▪
▪Add their direct subordinates ▪
▪Remove users who do not report to them from their list of subordinates▪
▪ Identif y  their direct subordinates who are also managers ▪▪Transfer subordinates to another manager▪
▪Accept or deny users as subordinates following a transfer request from another manager▪
Users require the ”Browse OrgChart” right to access this module. This is enabled for all self-service users
by default.
The Browse the OrgChart  (IDO) module is enabled by default. To disable this feature, turn off the IDO
ENABLED option.
To c on figur e  the Browse the OrgChart  (IDO) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Browse the OrgChart  (IDO) . 1.
2.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Browse the OrgChart  (IDO) module events that 2.
launch interface programs  (on page 1178), Browse the OrgChart  (IDO) module events that launch
interface programs  (on page 1535), that trigger external programs.
3.Click Update to submit the changes. 3.
Browse the OrgChart  (IDO) module events that launch interface programs
Option Description
IDO ATTACH SUBORDINATE A user attaches  a subordinate in an or g aniz ation  chart when using the
Browse the OrgChart module.
IDO DETACH SUBORDINATE A user detaches a subordinate in an or g aniz ation  chart when using the
Browse the OrgChart module..
IDO TRANSFER SUBORDINATE A user transfers a subordinate in an or g aniz ation  chart when using the
Browse the OrgChart module..
IDO TRANSFER SUBORDINATE A user transfers a subordinate from another manager in an or g aniz ation
chart when using the Browse the OrgChart module..
View and update pr ofile  (IDR)
The View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module allows users to update their pr ofile  in f ormation  and to request
changes for themselves or other users.
Changes can include:
▪New accounts and inventory based on templates and roles▪
▪Changes to e xisting  accounts, user in f ormation,  and group membership ▪
▪Changes to their own in f ormation ▪
These changes can be done manually or they can be modeled after  another user.
The View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module is enabled by default. To block access to this feature, disable the
IDR ENABLED setting.
To c on figur e  options  that apply to the View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  >View and update pr ofile  (IDR) . 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table Modules > Submit requests (IDR) options  (on page 1179) as required. 2.3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table View and update pr ofile  view and update pr ofile  (IDR) 3.
module events that launch interface programs  (on page 1179), View and update pr ofile  view and update
pr ofile  (IDR) module events that launch interface programs  (on page 1536), that trigger external
programs.
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
Modules > Submit requests (IDR) options
Option Description
IDR DISABLE ACCOUNT SEARCH Remove advanced search and listing  c apabilities  for network resource group
owners and members. When this option  is enabled Bravura Security Fabric
will only return an exact match.
IDR DISABLE USER SEARCH Remove advanced search and listing  c apabilities  for e xisting  users. When this
option  is enabled Bravura Security Fabric  will only return an exact match.
IDR ENABLED The switch to turn the View and update pr ofile  module on and off . The
module is enabled by default.
IDR NETWORK RESOURCE VALIDATE For network resources created by the shell extension: Enable this to limit
users who can view sub-resources to those who have read permission for
the parent resource.
For manually created resources, this is controlled by the Users are only
allowed to see sub-resources when they read permission for a resource
setting.
IDR NETWORK RESOURCE VALID
ONLYFor network resources created by the shell extension: Allow only c on figur ed
network resources to be eligible of being selected for request access
(disabled by default).
IDR NETWORK RESOURCE SELECT
ONE GROUPWhen enabled users can only request one group membership at a time
when r equesting  access to network resources. (Disabled by default).
IDR REQUIRES REASON NEW
REQUESTRequesters must enter a reason when cr eating  a new request.
MODELAFTER SHOW DIFFS Enable this to display diff er ences  between pr ofiles  when using pr ofile
comparison by default.
MODELAFTER VALID ONLY Enable this to only display valid model users when using pr ofile  comparison.
Performance can be signific an tly  slower when this option  is enabled.
USER HIST INTERVAL The number of days of pr ofile  history to display. If unspecified,  the default
value is seven days.
View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module events that launch interface programs
The following View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module options  can be accessed from Manage the system  >
Maintenance > System variables  or Manage the system  > Modules  > View and update pr ofile  (IDR):
Option Description
USER ATTR CHANGED A user successfully changes an attribut e.Disabling advanced search c apabilities
Regular users can normally use advanced search c apabilities  to find e xisting  users on request pages.
By default, if Bravura Security Fabric finds  more than one match for the search terms, it displays a list and
allows the requester to make a selection.
You can disable this behavior if you want to prevent Bravura Security Fabric from displaying a list of users
or accounts, and if you want Bravura Security Fabric to only match on exact search terms.
To disable advanced search c apabilities  in the View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module, set the IDR DISABLE
ACCOUNT SEARCH and IDR DISABLE USER SEARCH options  to “Enabled”.
Aut o-populating  suggested passwords
You can enable a JavaScript option  to aut omatic ally  populate password fields  when a suggested password
is selected. To do this, enable the UseSuggestedPassword option  in the config.js script. See
Modifying JavaScript behavior  (on page 3518) for more in f ormation.
Manage deleg ations  (IDS)
Regular users use the Manage deleg ations  (IDS) module to respond to deleg ation  requests.
You can c on figur e  the module to determine whether users must enter a reason for declining a request for
a deleg ation.  Bravura Security Fabric  returns an error if a reason is not entered.
To do this, click Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage deleg ations  (IDS)  and enable
IDS REQUIRES REASON REJECT DELEGATION .  
View requests (IDW)
In addition  to the Requests  app, the View requests  provides a way for regular users or product administrator s
to search and view the status of requests. Users can view requests, regardless of whether they are
authorizer, requester, or recipient, with read-only permission.
The View requests  is disabled by default. Unlike other modules, the View requests  is enabled via a plugin:
Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > VIEW REQUEST PLUGIN .
Only users with the canViewRequest variable set to true in the plugin will have access to this module, via
a View requests link on the main menu.
Generate voice print enrollment PIN (PSI)
You can use Bravura Pass ’s Generate voice print enrollment PIN  (PSI) module to reliably register voice print
samples for all users. You can use this facility for new IVR deployments or for new users on e xisting
systems.
Without Bravura Pass , IVR users are commonly provided with a short PIN via email, and are required to
key in the PIN when they fir s t register with the IVR system. This presents a security weakness: PINs are
short, guessable, and sent via an insecure media (email).