Services marked with a * must be started in order for Phone Password Manager to operate properly.
Dialogic®  services only appear on a system using a Dialogic®  IVR backend. The names of the
Dialogic®  services may vary.
In Phone Password Manager version 9.0+, the VoIP service has been merged into the Phone Password
Manager module service.
If the Phone Password Manager Service fails to start:
▪Ensure that the Dialogic®  System Service, and Dialogic®  Boardserver service, are running and▪
c on figur ed  to start aut omatic ally .
You can do this using the Windows Service Control Manager (SCM), or the Dialogic®  product
Con figur ation.
▪Ensure that pspushpass.dll is installed and can be found in the system PATH.▪
▪Some Dialogic®  services are dependant on other Dialogic®  services and will not restart aut omatic ally ▪
after  a reboot of the server. After  a reboot, make a test call into your IVR server, and manually restart
Dialogic®  services if required.
▪The Phone Password Manager Service is dependant on Dialogic®  system services, and also needs to▪
be manually restarted after  a reboot. It may take several seconds before the service is ready to be
started, so ensure that you refresh the list of services to c on firm  that this service is running.
Phone Password Manager cannot return requests
If Phone Password Manager cannot return requests properly due to slow network speeds, then you can
modify the "SoapTimeout" registry key:
HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\<instance>\\Idapi\
Modify the "SoapTimeout" registry key by increasing the value. The default setting  for this value is 60000
milliseconds, which is one minute.
Phone Password Manager cannot connect to the softphone  system
If Phone Password Manager cannot connect to the softphone  system, try switching audio codecs in
idtel.cfg  (on page 1764). The codec in Phone Password Manager must match the supported codecs
of your softphone  system.
Phone Password Manager fails unexpectedly
If Phone Password Manager fails unexpectedly, it is possible the Dialogic license is expired or invalid. You
may see an error message like the following:
2013-01-15 07:54:59.532.2056 -
 [] idvoip.exe [3292,3180] Warning: gc_Start,
GC ErrorValue: 0x8c -
 The start procedure of a call control library failed,
CCLibID: 0 - GLOBALCALL, CC ErrorValue: 0x8c - The start procedure of acall control library failed
2013-01-15 07:54:59.532.2093 -
 [] idvoip.exe [3292,3180] Debug: Failed to
initialize GlobalCall Libraries
2013-01-15 07:54:59.532.3090 -
 [] idvoip.exe [3292,3180] Error: Failed to
InitGC, service terminated
To resolve this, update the Dialogic license, then restart the Phone Password Manager service. See the
Dialogic documen t ation  for details on updating  a license.
SoX version mismatched
Phone Password Manager is fully functional  with newer versions of the SoX utility ,  however Phone
Password Manager expects SoX versions equal to or earlier than those shipped with Asterisk® when
checking for the existence of a SoX ins t allation.  This version mismatch can impede the ins t allation  and
function  of Phone Password Manager with Asterisk.
To resolve this issue, log into the Asterisk® server as root, or escalate to root. Execute the following
commands in the Unix terminal, in order:
1.cp 'which sox' 'which sox'21.
2.echo '#!/bin/bash' > 'which sox'2.
3.echo '[ "$1" = "--version" ] && echo "sox: Version 0.0.0" ||3.
 sox2 $*' >> 'which sox'
This change will r ec on figur e  how SoX responds when asked to display its version, allowing Phone
Password Manager to install with newer versions of SoX.Part VII PRIVILEGEPart I Privileged AccessImplementing  privileged access management
Large or g aniz ations  may have thousands of w ork s t ations,  and hundreds of servers and applic ations
running on multiple  platforms.  This complexity leads to numerous security problems.
IT assets often  have multiple  sensitiv e  passwords such as administrator passwords, service passwords,
applic ation  passwords. These passwords commonly do not have expiry enabled, although they should.
Changing these passwords can be time-c onsuming  because of the large number of IT assets, users who
need to know the passwords, and c on figur ation  interfaces, scripts, or programs that may contain hard
coded passwords.
Bravura Privilege  secures target system cr edential  passwords on servers and w ork s t ations  by periodically
randomizing them, while maintaining the ability of IT s t a ff  to retrieve current cr edentials  for devices into
which they must log in. You can also use Bravura Privilege  to store passwords for managed systems that
must be managed manually.
Bravura Privilege  has the following features:
▪Frequent password r andomiz ation  eliminates s t atic,  shared passwords and controls former IT s t a ff ▪
knowledge of passwords
▪Access controls limit who can see passwords▪
▪Logging and r eporting  of access disclosure facilitates audit compliance and faster tr oubleshooting ▪
▪ Encr yption  secures passwords in storage and transit so that physical compromise will not expose ▪
passwords
▪ R eplic ation  ensures passwords are stored on multiple  servers in diff er en t  sites so that password access ▪
and security survives server failures or site disasters
▪Trusted SSH key management eliminates the use of passwords when accessing accounts on Unix▪
systems
Modes: push and local service
Bravura Privilege  manages systems using two modes: pushmode and local service mode .
Ensure you only use one mode to manage a system. If a system is managed by both push and local
service modes you will end up with duplicate managed accounts. Bravura Privilege  will be unable to
determine which managed account contains the current password and consequently, password history
and auditing  issues.
This section  explains the diff er ences  between the modes, and how to determine which mode to use.
Push mode
In push mode, Bravura Privilege  performs remote password resets using the Privileged Access Manager
Service.
Changes at the Bravura Privilege  server typically trigger immediate actions  on managed systems;
whereas, in local service mode, actions  are triggered when the w ork s t ation  connects to the server at the
end of the next polling interval.A system can be managed in push mode when it is manually added as a target system, or when it is
discovered on a domain. Accounts can also be managed manually or during auto-discovery.
Choose push mode if you:
▪Do not want a softw ar e  footprint on your servers or w ork s t ations ▪
▪Require real time”  in t egr ation ▪
▪Want to manage passwords on systems other than Windows▪
▪Want to manage SSH public keys on Unix systems▪
▪Have systems in a DMZ that cannot connect to your Bravura Privilege  server ▪
Local service mode
In local service mode, you install the Local W ork s t ation  Service on the managed system. Local service
mode works as follows:
1. After  installing on the system to be managed, the Local W ork s t ation  Service waits a random amount 1.
of time.
This prevents large numbers of Local W ork s t ation  Services, installed during a mass deployment, from
c on t acting  the Bravura Privilege  server simultaneously.
2.The Local W ork s t ation  Service then connects to the pamlws  on the Bravura Security Fabric  server over 2.
HTTP or HTTPS (recommended) and registers itself with Bravura Security Fabric . This initia t es  the
discovery process, during which the system is listed as a discovered object, and evaluated against
import rules. This process is repeated until  the system passes an import rule and is managed, or is
disabled.
3.Once a system is discovered and managed, the Bravura Security Fabric  server periodically checks on 3.
what needs to be done, based on w orkflo w  requests and password e xpir ations,  and sets the necessary
flags  for it.
4.The Local W ork s t ation  Service periodically connects to, or polls, the pamlws  over HTTP or HTTPS to 4.
check on any tasks, such as listing  users and attribut es,  changing a password, or adding and removing
users from groups.
5.The Local W ork s t ation  Service performs the assigned task, if any, and sends the required data back to 5.
the pamlws  at the next poll. This may either be the list of users, groups and attribut es,  or success and
failures on other tasks. It will wait a c on figur ed  amount of time  before c onnecting  to the Bravura
Security Fabric  server again.
Local service mode is only available for Windows systems; however, a plugin architecture supports
applic ations  running on Windows.
Choose local service mode if you have:
▪Many Windows machines that are not permanently connected to the domain (laptops, w ork s t ations ▪
etc.)
▪Systems that aren't always on or are periodically unavailable.▪▪Servers that do not allow inbound access due to fir e w all  rules or other networking r es trictions. ▪
Installing Local W ork s t ation  Service on these servers will allow outbound c onnections  to the Bravura
Security Fabric  server.
Many desktops are left on and locked so that users can resume their work the next day; if these are
contactable via normal psupdate , do not add the Local W ork s t ation  Service to these machines.
When users request privileged access on local service mode systems, group and account operations  may
take longer than on push mode systems, since Bravura Security Fabric is required to wait for
c ommunic ation  from the local work s t ation.
Features and concepts
The section  outlines Bravura Privilege  features and factors that should be taken into c onsider ation  before
implementing  them.
Managed system policies
The key to understanding how to c on figur e  Bravura Privilege  lies in understanding the role the managed
system policy plays in managing systems. The managed system policy  contains all c on figur ation  in f ormation
required to manage accounts on a managed system . You also manage access controls for product
administrator s and regular users based on what managed system policies they have access to, and what
oper ations  they are allowed to perform on those managed system policies.
In the managed system policy  you de fine:
▪What systems are members of the policy▪
▪What accounts are managed on the systems▪
▪Who must authorize access to privileged accounts▪
▪What authentic ation  types can be used to access accounts or group sets ▪
▪Who will have access to privileged accounts▪
The following can be de fined  system-wide or for each managed system policy :
▪How often  privileged passwords are randomized ▪
▪The policies for cr eating  passwords ▪
▪How users are granted access▪
▪Who can access accounts▪
▪How sessions initia t ed  by users can be monitored and recorded ▪
▪Who can access recorded sessions, and who must authorize their access▪
Auto discovery and management of systems and accounts
Bravura Security Fabric ’s auto discovery  feature can list in f ormation  about:
▪Systems on a domain▪
▪Administrator, domain, and user accounts whose cr edentials  are used to manage services, scheduled ▪
tasks, IIS websites, or DCOM objectsThese discovered objects can be manually or aut omatic ally  imported to become managed systems and
accounts.
See Infrastructure Auto Discovery  (on page 2080) for more in f ormation.
Password r andomiz ation
As explained in Modes  (on page 1805), Bravura Privilege  can aut omatic ally  randomize passwords using
two modes: push and local service.
Passwords are randomized daily by default. You can change this frequency system-wide, or for individual
managed system policies.
See Password r andomiz ation  (on page 1874) for more in f ormation.
Authentic ation  types
When cr eating  a managed system policy , administrators must select one (or more) authentic ation  types
that will be used for accessing the accounts or group sets in the managed system policy .
There are three authentic ation  types:
▪Password:▪
▪Use this type if managed accounts in the managed system policy will be checked out using passwords. ▪
▪This type can only be used for single account check-outs and account set check-outs.▪
▪SSH key:▪
▪Use this type if managed accounts in the managed system policy will be checked out using SSH keys. ▪
▪This type can only be used for single account check-outs.▪
▪Group set:▪
▪Use this type if adding group sets to the managed system policy . ▪
▪This type can only be used for group set check-outs.▪
For example: if both Password and SSH key are selected for a managed system policy , requesters can
choose which authentic ation  type to use for accessing the managed account. Single account access
request forms include an Oper ation  to perform during check-out and check-in option.
Support for authentic ation  types depends on the managed system policy  mode:
▪Push mode: group set, password, and SSH key are available▪
▪Local service mode: group set and password are available▪
▪Vault mode: only password is available▪
Once authentic ation  types are selected for the managed system policy , administrators are able to modify
them. They can add more, remove, or replace authentic ation  types but there are r es trictions:
▪ Authentic ation  types can only be added if they are valid for the managed system policy mode. ▪
▪The password authentic ation  type can be removed only if the managed system policy has no managed ▪
accounts.▪The SSH key authentic ation  type can be removed only if the managed system policy has no managed ▪
accounts
▪The group set authentic ation  type can be removed only if the managed system policy has no group sets. ▪
Vault-only systems
product administrator s can use Bravura Privilege  to manually store in f ormation  in vault-only managed
systems. In this case, there is no c ommunic ation  between the Bravura Privilege  server and the managed
system. In other words, the managed system exists in Bravura Privilege , however, all management is
done manually by a user.
Bravura Privilege  does not aut omatic ally  randomize passwords for these managed systems. Users can be
granted permission, via access controls, to override the stored password after  they have accessed it.
Access request
Regular users can request temporary access to managed accounts or group sets. Depending on how you
c on figur e  access controls, a given user’s request may be auto-approved, or require authoriz ation.  If
approved, the user can check-out the requested access within a set time  period.
The access permission can be checked-in by the user once they are finished  or aut omatic ally  checked-in if
the set time  period expires. If they had access to an account, the password is randomized. If they had
access to the account using SSH authentic ation,  the user’s SSH public key is removed from the target. If
they had group set access, the user is removed from the group membership.
Consider the following when determining who can access and manage privileged accounts or group sets:
▪Who should be able to request access to which accounts or group sets?▪
▪Who can be auto-approved?▪
▪Who requires approval from an authorizer?▪
Access disclosure
Once a user has been granted access to a managed account, access disclosure plugins provide the user
with access to the password, or an aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system.
The following disclosure methods are available with Bravura Privilege :
▪Command prompt control – allow users to aut omatic ally  connect by launching a program ▪
▪Copy control – allow users to copy and paste the password▪
▪Remote desktop control – allow users to aut omatic ally  connect by launching a remote desktop ▪
c onnection
▪Display control – allow users to access privileged accounts on the web interface▪
▪Browser driver control – provides users access to web sites using managed passwords▪Session recording and viewing
The session monitoring feature enables the monitoring, recording, searching, and viewing of actions
performed during adminis tr ativ e  sessions using Bravura Privilege  cr edentials.
Determine who can do what with recorded sessions:
▪Who should be able to search their own recorded sessions?▪
▪Who should be able to search other people’s recorded sessions?▪
▪Who can be auto-approved to search, view or download recorded sessions?▪
▪Who requires approval from an authorizer?▪
You can c on figur e  Bravura Privilege  session monitoring to use one or more c ollection  modules :
▪Keystroke capture – to record keys that were pressed during a session▪
▪Video capture – to periodically capture screen shots during a session▪
▪Webcam capture – to periodically capture images from any attached  web cams during a recorded ▪
session
▪Clipboard capture – to collect copy/paste in f ormation  during a session ▪
▪User interface capture – to capture text data from user interface elements during a recorded session▪
▪Process name capture – to capture process created▪
Setting  up Privileged Access Management
To implement privileged access management with Bravura Security Fabric :
1.Carry out initial  setup as outlined in Initial  steps, including: 1.
▪ Con figuring  email notific ation  (on page 412) ▪
▪Adding target systems  (on page 480) ▪
▪ Importing  users  (on page 538) ▪
▪ Con figuring  a thentic ation  (on page 820) ▪
2. Con figur e  managed system policies, managed systems, and managed accounts. 2.
The steps required depend on whether you are implementing:
▪Push mode  (on page 1811) ▪
▪Local service mode  (on page 1811) ▪
▪Vault-only  (on page 1811) ▪
3. Con figur e  user access controls. 3.
You must set up product administrators and c on figur e  their adminis tr ativ e  privileges before users can
access adminis tr ativ e  features. You can also fine tune access controls for regular users.
See   User types and access rules  (on page 671).
4. Con figur e  general options  as described in Privileged access management options  (on page 1932). 4.
5. Con figur e  end user options  as required. 5.
See   Modules.