▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_ADD_NOTICE▪
▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_ADDBACK_NOTICE▪
▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_DEL_NOTICE▪
▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_DELBACK_NOTICE▪
▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_NESTED_GROUP_ADD_NOTICE▪
▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_NESTED_GROUP_ADDBACK_NOTICE▪
▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_NESTED_GROUP_DEL_NOTICE▪
▪EM_WORKFLOW_REQ_INITIAL_RECIPIENT_OOB_NESTED_GROUP_DELBACK_NOTICE▪
 See also: 
▪See Customizing w orkflo w  email using the Manage the system (PSA) module  (on page 423) for details ▪
on email cus t omiz ation.
▪See Automated w orkflo w  events that launch interface programs  (on page 1534), Automated w orkflo w ▪
events that launch interface programs  (on page 2446)  for details on available event actions  for out-of-
band changes to managed groups.
Con figuring  group-level resource oper ations
De fine  resource oper ations  for groups to:
▪Determine whether Bravura Security Fabric  connectors aut omatic ally  fulfill  requests or whether ▪
human agents will carry out tasks to fulfill  the requests.
▪Add implementers to a group to de fine  who fulfills  requests based on the group if an Bravura Security ▪
Fabric  connector is not used.
You can override resource oper ations  at the target system and group level. If the oper ation  is set at either
of those levels to be carried out by an implementer, you must assign at least one implementer. If you do
not do this, requests involving the group will be put on hold unless implementers are dynamically
assigned by a plugin.
Inheriting  resource oper ation  c on figur ation  from the target system
You can c on figur e  target systems so that managed groups inherit the resource oper ation  c on figur ation
settings  of the target system. You can also override the c on figur ation  for a group, or add implementers.
Enable inheritance by selecting  the Default authoriz ation  for child resources, including templates and
managed groups, will be inherited from the target system option  on the relevant Target system
in f ormation  page  (on page 494).
To override or add to the c on figur ation  for a managed group:
1.Navigate to the Managed group in f ormation  page  (on page 590). 1.
2.Set Override implemen t ation  c on figur ation  to: 2.
▪Use only inherited c on figur ation ▪
▪Do not inherit c on figur ation ▪
▪Add to inherited c on figur ation  (default) ▪3.Click the Resource oper ations  tab. 3.
▪If you chose to not inherit c on figur ation,  then the page shows the resource oper ations  explicitly ▪
setup for the managed group; no settings  from the target system should display.
▪If you chose to add to inherited c on figur ation,  then the page displays settings  that are both ▪
inherited and explicitly set for the group.
4.Proceed to c on figur e  resource oper ations  as described in the rest of this section. 4.
Determining override levels
To set resource oper ation  override levels for a group:
1.Navigate to the  Resource oper ations  page  (on page 590). 1.
2.Select:2.
▪No override – the oper ation  setting  is inherited from the connector or target system. ▪
▪Connector oper ation  – the oper ation  will be connector enacted, regardless of the connector or ▪
target system setting.
▪Implementer oper ation  – the oper ation  will be implementer enacted, regardless of the connector ▪
or target system setting.
3.Click Update . 3.
Assigning s t atic  implementers
When the group-level oper ation  is carried out by an implementer, whether by inheriting  the setting  from
the target system, or being explicitly set, an Implementers table is included on the Implementer
oper ation  page. If implementers are assigned to the target system, they are inherited by the group. You
can remove or keep the inherited implementer, or add new implementers for the group.
If you chose to not inherit the c onfiguration  from the target system, you cannot assign the same
implementer that is assigned at the target system level.
To assign s t atic  implementers to a group:
1.Navigate to the  Resource oper ations  page  (on page 590). 1.
2.Click Select... at the bottom  of the Implementers table. 2.
3.Search for, or select the checkboxes next to the implementers that you want to assign to the resource.3.
4.Click Select at the bottom  of the page. 4.
To remove s t atic  implementers from a group:
5.Click Remove implementer in the same row as the user’s ID. 5.
6.Click Update at the bottom  of the page. 6. See also: 
▪ Con figuring  target-system-level resource oper ations  (on page 525) ▪
Assigning implementers by user class
To assign implementers to a group based on user class:
1.Navigate to the  Resource oper ations  page  (on page 590). 1.
2.Click the User classes sub-tab. 2.
3.To de fine  membership criteria: 3.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want ▪
to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click 
 Add new… . See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for full details ▪
on how to create a new user class.
4. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 4.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  membership.
5.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match 5.
All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .
 Removing users from membershipTo remove users from membership, you can:
1.Edit user classes to change the participan ts. 1.
2.Delete user classes from the membership criteria.2.
a.Navigate to the membership criteria  page where user classes are listed. a.
b.Enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want to delete.b.
3.Click Delete . 3.
Con figuring  group-level role enforcement
The role enforcement engine can identif y  users who have excessive or insufficien t  access, and issue
w orkflo w  requests to correct variances.
You cannot enable role enforcement and aut omatic  assignment at the same time  for managed groups.
To set RBAC enforcement options  for groups:
1.Navigate to the Managed group in f ormation  page  (on page 590). 1.
2.Select the Role enforcement tab. 2.
3.Select the Enabled checkbox. 3.4.If required, select a setting  for the R esolution  for de ficit  violation , to determine what action  Bravura 4.
Security Fabric  takes when it discovers users who are not members of this group, when they have a
role that requires it:
▪Add resource▪
▪Request e x ception ▪
▪Use parent role setting ▪
The default is to take the setting  from the group’s parent role. Selecting  ’Use parent role setting ’
will cause an error if the parent role is c on figur ed  to ’Inherit enforcement from entitlemen t ’ .
5.If required, select a setting  for the R esolution  for surplus violation , to determine what action  Bravura 5.
Security Fabric  takes when it discovers users who are members of this group, but do not have a role
that includes the group:
▪Remove resource▪
▪Request e x ception ▪
The system default is displayed as the “E ff ectiv e  setting ” .6.Click Update . 6.
Global RBAC enforcement options  must also be set before these settings  can take e ff ect.
Gener ating  a pr ofile  s t atistics  report 
To generate a simple report of users who have a de ficit  or surplus violation  for this group, click Generate .
Bravura Security Fabric  does not issue violation  enforcement requests when you run this report. To see a
more detailed report, see the REPORTS  (on page 2891). To list violations  and issue enforcement requests,
run auto discovery  or use the rbacenforce  program.
T esting  users 
To determine whether an individual user has a de ficit  or surplus violation,  type the user’s Pr ofile  ID and
click Test. The user’s RBAC enforcement pr ofile  and request attribut e  must be set to true.
Con figuring  aut omatic  group assignment
The aut omatic  assignment engine can aut omatic ally  add users that are members of a user class to a
managed group.
You cannot enable role enforcement and aut omatic  assignment at the same time  for managed groups.
To set aut omatic  assignment options  for managed groups:
1.Navigate to the Managed group in f ormation  page  (on page 590). 1.
2.Select the Assignment tab. 2.
3.Select or create to de fine  membership criteria. 3.
4.Click Recalculate to calculate the membership cache. 4.
In a replicated environment, cache rec alculation  can only be performed on the instance which runs
psupdate .
5.Select the Enabled checkbox. 5.
Additional  options  are displayed.
6.Set options  described in the table below to suit your needs. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.
Group assignment options
Option Description
Aut omatic ally  add users that satis f y
the membership criteriaSelect this to allow the aut omatic  assignment program, autores , to add
users that have membership in the specified  user class from the role during
auto discovery
Aut omatic ally  remove users that no
longer satis f y  the membership
criteriaSelect this to allow the aut omatic  assignment program, autores , to
remove users that do not have membership in the specified  user class from
the managed group during auto discovery.Option Description
Aut omatic ally  remove child groups Select this if you want to remove all child groups from the managed group.
Child groups do not have to be managed in order for them to be removed.
You may want to enable this option  if you would like Bravura Security Fabric
to have complete control over who has the rights and privileges of the
managed group.
Users who have membership to the child groups inherit the rights and
privileges of the parent group, but the aut omatic  assignment program,
autores , has no control over child group memberships.
Ignore submission limit during auto
discoverySelect this if you want this aut omatic  assignment to exceed the maximum
allowed number of request submissions.
This setting  overrides the global submission limit set by AUTO ASSIGNMENT
MAXSUBMIT DEFAULT  (Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  >
Aut omation) .
Submit no requests if there are more
than this many oper ations  detected
in a single runSet a limit if you do not want autores to submit any requests if too many
variances are detected. If this happens Bravura Security Fabric  sends an
email to product administrators.
 Gener ating  an assignment deficit  or surplus report 
To generate a simple report of users that have a de ficit  or surplus for a managed group assignment, click
the De ficit  or Surplus sub-tabs. Bravura Security Fabric  does not issue requests when you run this report.
You can search for users that may be in de ficit  or surplus on these pages.
Only direct group memberships are counted when c alculating  deficits  and surpluses.
To see a more detailed report, run the Auto-assignment surplus and de ficit  report.
To issue the requests, run the autores program.
Remove orphaned group memberships 
To allow for greater control of group memberships you may also want to remove orphaned accounts
from the group. An orphaned group account is an account that is currently not associated to an e xisting
pr ofile.
To c on figur e  the aut omatic  removal of orphaned accounts:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Aut omation . 1.
2.Enable AUTO ASSIGNMENT GROUP DELETE ORPHAN ACCOUNT 2.
3.Type the name of a valid pr ofile  ID in the AUTO ASSIGNMENT GROUP DELETE ORPHAN ACCOUNT 3.
RECIPIENT field.
4.Click Update . 4.
During the scheduled psupdate job, requests will be generated to remove orphaned accounts
discovered.  T esting  user classes You can verify that the user class de fined  will produce the correct list of users that will be aut omatic ally
assigned this resource.
To test the user class de fined:
1.Navigate to the Assignment  page General tab. 1.
2.Click the Test... button. 2.
3.Type the User ID of the user to evaluate, then click Test. 3.
The Test button  evaluates all criteria defined  for the user class, not just the criteria selected.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the test results, specifying whether the user satis fied  the criteria for the
user class.
To list members of the user class:
1.Navigate to the Assignment  page General tab 1.
2.Click the Test... button. 2.
3.Click List. 3.
The list of members is displayed. If no members are listed, then there are no users matching the
criteria for the specified  participan t.
Managing invalid groups
If a group that is managed by Bravura Security Fabric  is deleted from the target system, then the group is
listed as invalid the next time  auto discovery  runs. Bravura Security Fabric  remembers the group until  it is
restored, or until  Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  stops managing the group. If a group is restored,
then the group members are also restored.
Depending on the target system, adding a new group with the same name may not necessarily restore
the group.
Once a group is listed as invalid, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  stops managing the group after  30
days by default. When Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  stops managing a group, it is removed from
all roles, SoD rules, and pr e-de fined  requests.
You can control the amount of time  that a group can be listed as invalid by changing the value of the
KEEP INVALID MANAGED GROUP DAYS system variable.
Bravura Security Fabric  administrators are notified  when:
▪A managed group becomes invalid▪
▪A managed group is restored▪
▪Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  stops managing a group ▪
The invalid status of a managed group is visible to product administrator  s and to requesters. Requesters
are still able to create requests for invalid managed group s, but the requests cannot be completed until
the group is restored.Managed group options  for invalid groups
The following managed group options  can be accessed from Manage the system > Resources > Options :
Option Description
KEEP INVALID MANAGED GROUP DAYS Specify the number of days that must pass once a
managed group becomes invalid before Bravura
Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  stops managing the
group. The default value is 30. If unde fined,  then
data is kept inde finit ely .
The following managed group events apply to all modules and can be accessed from Manage the system
> Resources > Options :
Option Description
KEEP INVALID MGROUP INVALIDATED A managed group disappears from the target
system.
KEEP INVALID MGROUP RESTORED A managed group is restored on the target system.
KEEP INVALID MGROUP UNMANAGED Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  stops
managing a managed group.
Deleting  unknown objects
Group members and group owners are considered unknown when:
▪They are not in the same OU as that of the managed group, or;▪
▪They are of a type other than account or group; that is, contact or computer object.▪
Bravura Security Fabric  detects unknown object types during auto discovery . You can view them using the
Membership report. Click Manage reports > Reports > Roles and Groups > Membership . In the
Membership type field,  select ”Unknown object”.
Unknown objects can be deleted via the Bravura Security Fabric  API and the W orkflo w  Manager Service
using:
▪ Pr e-de fined  requests _GROUP_DELETE_MEMBERS_ and _GROUP_DELETE_OWNERS_ ▪
▪ W orkflo w  oper ation  codes GRBD and GOOD ▪
See the Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf ) manual for more in f ormation  about using the API.
Stopping management of all groups on a target system
You can use the Target systems  page to stop managing all groups, in a single click, from all the selected
targets:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Groups . 1.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of e xisting  target systems.
2.Select the checkboxes for the target systems on which you want to stop managing groups.2.3.Click Stop managing all groups . 3.
In cases where the managed groups are being used elsewhere (roles, templates, and so on) Bravura
Security Fabric displays an error message reporting  the number of groups that has failed to be
unmanaged.