9.Click Update . 9.
Con figur ation  detail
To c on figur e  web notific ations:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User notific ations  > Web notific ations . 1.
2.Click Add new … . 2.
3.Type the notific ation  ID and Description . The notific ation  ID can only contain ascii characters. 3.
4.Set the notific ation  Severity : 4.
▪Info  ▪
The notific ation  is in f ormational.  The user may be requested to take action,  but if he does not
respond, no further action  is taken.
▪Warning  ▪
The notific ation  is a warning. An action  is requested but not forced at the current time.  If the user
does not comply after  a certain number of warnings, Bravura Security Fabric  can take another
action.
▪Forced  ▪
The user is forced to act on the notific ation.  If the web browser is closed without the required
action  taken, the user is forced to log out of the w ork s t ation.
5.Determine the compliance event to trigger a notific ation  by choosing the Plugin to run to determine 5.
compliance :
▪Password expiry  ▪
Users’ passwords are about to expire.
▪Security question  r egis tr ation  ▪
Users have not completed their security question  pr ofiles.
▪Query USERSTAT tag  ▪
A user in f ormation  query evaluates a particular  value; for example, the value exists, is true, or is
less than some other value. There are several built-in USERSTAT tags
Tag Description Example
LASTPSL The last time  the use used the Attach  other
accounts module. The time  used is the
authentic ation  time  of the session.2021-10-28 14:40:16 (UTC-06:00)
LASTSKIN The last skin the user used. default
LASTLANG The last language the user used en-us
LASTPWCHGMODULE The last module used to reset the user's
password.pss,ida,idpmTag Description Example
PSLDONE The user has satis fied  mandatory account
requirements. This is de fined  by the per
target system setting  Users must have
accounts , and the global system variable
PSL_MIN_ACCOUNTS.
The allowed value true is set by
psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Attach  other accounts
module.true
PSQDONE The user has satis fied  the security question
requirement. The allowed value true is set
by psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Update security questions
module.true
.
▪Accounts attachmen t  ▪
Users do not own enough accounts, as de fined  by the PSL MIN ACCOUNTS system variable.
▪Mobile enrollment  ▪
Users have not enrolled a mobile device.
6.For info- and warning-level notific ations,  select the radio button  for: 6.
▪Maximum number of messages to send per user and type the number of messages to send ▪
▪Unlimited reminders to keep sending reminders until  the user is compliant ▪
▪No reminders to disable the notific ation ▪
7.If you de fined  a Maximum number of messages to send per user for a warning-level notific ation, 7.
determine the action  to take for non-compliant users by choosing the Plugin to run when reminder
limit is exceeded :
▪Set USERSTAT tag▪
Sets a USERSTAT tag for a non-compliant user, and optionally  deletes the tag when compliance is
reached.
▪Global email plugin▪
Sends an email to the user via the plugin specified  by the GLOBAL MAIL PLUGIN system variable.
▪Disable pr ofile ▪
Disables the Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  of the particular  user, and optionally  re-enables the
user when compliance is reached.
8.For info and warning-level notific ations: 8.
a.Set the Time interval after  sending a message during which no further messages should be sent a.
to the same user .
Enter a number and choose an interval. For example, if this is set to 10 minutes and the plugin is
run twice within 8 minutes, then any users who receive the fir s t notific ation  will not receive it a
second time.b.To restrict the times  of day at which notific ations  are to be displayed, type a comma-delimited list b.
of time  periods. Leave this field  blank to notif y  users at any time.
c.Select the checkbox for each day of the week that notific ations  should be displayed. c.
Forced-level notific ations  are set at any time  and day.
9.If you want to stop reminders from being displayed on certain dates, type them in the No reminders 9.
on these dates field.
Type the dates one line at at time,  in the format MM-DD or YYYY-MM-DD.
10. Click Add. 10.
 Next: 
You can now:
▪ Con figur e  settings  for the compliance plugins by clicking the c on figur e  icon 
  next to the Plugin to ▪
determine compliance  plugin name. Settings  for built-in programs are explained on the current page.
▪Test the notific ation  using the ntftrigger  program T esting  web notific ations  (on page 457). ▪
▪ Setting  pr e-c onditions  (on page 475) for e v aluating  a notific ation  for a user. ▪
Con figuring  web notific ation  compliance plugins
Compliance plugins evaluate the attribut es  of a particular  user and determine whether that user is
compliant with the notific ation  rule or not. Compliance plugins for web notific ations  also determine the
text of the message to be delivered, and the link that is available on the User notific ations  (PSN) modulepage. Con figur e  built-in plugins for web notific ations  by clicking the c on figur e  icon 
  next to the plugin
field.
Built-in plugins available for the Plugin to run to determine compliance require the following
parameters:
Option Description
Common options:
Non-compliant users will be directed to
this URLThis is where the user is directed to when they selects the message link on the
User notific ations  (PSN ) module page.
Select Internal link for:
▪For Password expiry , to link to the Change passwords passwords (PSS) module. ▪
▪For Security question  r egis tr ation , to link to the Update security questions ▪
security questions  (PSQ) module.
▪For Mobile enrollment , to link to ins tructions  for registering a mobile device. ▪
Select External link  to direct the user to an external site.
Select None  for Query USERSTAT tag  if you do not want the notific ation  message
to link to another site.
Message to display to a non-compliant
userThis message is displayed until  the user becomes compliant or exceeds the
maximum number of reminders.
Message to display to a user who
becomes compliantAfter  the user takes action  and becomes compliant, Bravura Security Fabric  displays
this message the next time  the user visits theFront-end or User notific ations  (PSN)
module.
Note: This message does not apply to the "Query USERSTAT tag" plugin.
Message to display to a non-compliant
user who has exceeded the maximum
number of remindersThis message is displayed once the Number of reminders has been exceeded, and
the user has not taken action.
Password expiry options
Number of days before expiry that the
user will be notifiedUse comma-delimited values to set multiple  notific ations.
Only calculate password expiry for
accounts on these target systemsSelect the target systems on which account password expiry will be calculated. By
default it calculates on all target systems listed.
If password on these target systems are
set to not expire, do not send
notific ationsSelect the target systems for which you do not want to send notific ation  if the
account has ”Password never expires” enabled.
Query USERSTAT tag options
Tag The name of the USERSTAT tag value to check.
Comparison Select the comparison rule to determine that the tag value Must or Must not :
▪be equal to▪
▪be less than▪
▪be greater than▪
▪exist▪
Value Type the value used to evaluate the tag, and select the value type.There are several built-in USERSTAT tags
Tag Description Example
LASTPSL The last time  the use used the Attach  other
accounts module. The time  used is the
authentic ation  time  of the session.2021-10-28 14:40:16 (UTC-06:00)
LASTSKIN The last skin the user used. default
LASTLANG The last language the user used en-us
LASTPWCHGMODULE The last module used to reset the user's
password.pss,ida,idpm
PSLDONE The user has satis fied  mandatory account
requirements. This is de fined  by the per
target system setting  Users must have
accounts , and the global system variable
PSL_MIN_ACCOUNTS.
The allowed value true is set by
psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Attach  other accounts
module.true
PSQDONE The user has satis fied  the security question
requirement. The allowed value true is set
by psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Update security questions
module.true
.
You can type messages in Message to display … fields  in plain text, and include variables that expand to
user -specific  in f ormation.  The available user -specific  variables are listed in Table Adding user -specific
variables in notific ation  messages.
You can use m4 tag names  (on page 476) to de fine  more complex notific ation  messages that use HTML
code to enhance the pr esen t ation.Con figuring  web notific ation  action  plugins
An action  plugin runs when a user has received the maximum number of notific ations  for a specific  rule.
It is responsible for taking extra action  in the event of c ontinued  non-compliance. Con figur e  built-in
plugins for web notific ations  by clicking the c on figur e  icon 
  next to the plugin field.
Built-in plugins available for the Plugin to run when reminder limit is exceeded require the following
parameters:
Option Description
Global email plugin options
Mail subject The message subject line can contain M4 tags without
embedded HTML.
Mail message The message content can contain user -specific  variables, as
listed in the table Adding user -specific  variables in
notific ation  messages  (on page 475).
You can use m4 tag names  (on page 476) to de fine  more
complex notific ation  messages that use HTML code to
enhance the pr esen t ation.
Set USERSTAT tag options
Tag This is the field  name in the USERSTAT table. If the field  does
not exist , the plugin creates it.
Value Set the field  value for this user.
Undo (if possible) when a user becomes
compliantUndo this action  when the user takes action.
Disable pr ofile  optionsOption Description
Undo (if possible) when a user becomes
compliantUndo this action  when the user takes action.
Re-enabling the pr ofile  is not possible if the user attemp ts  to
log in to Bravura Security Fabric  after  becoming compliant,
since the user would not get far enough to check
compliance. The user’s pr ofile  can be re-enabled by the
Notific ation  Client if compliance is fix ed  without the user
logging into Bravura Security Fabric .
There are several built-in USERSTAT tags
Tag Description Example
LASTPSL The last time  the use used the Attach  other
accounts module. The time  used is the
authentic ation  time  of the session.2021-10-28 14:40:16 (UTC-06:00)
LASTSKIN The last skin the user used. default
LASTLANG The last language the user used en-us
LASTPWCHGMODULE The last module used to reset the user's
password.pss,ida,idpm
PSLDONE The user has satis fied  mandatory account
requirements. This is de fined  by the per
target system setting  Users must have
accounts , and the global system variable
PSL_MIN_ACCOUNTS.
The allowed value true is set by
psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Attach  other accounts
module.true
PSQDONE The user has satis fied  the security question
requirement. The allowed value true is set
by psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Update security questions
module.true
.
T esting  web notific ations
Scheduling a web notific ation  creates a scheduled job to run ntftrigger . Bravura Security Fabric  uses
the ntftrigger  program to communicate with the Notific ation  Service and send out notific ations.  You
can use this program to test notific ations  rather than wait for the scheduled time.
To test web notific ations,  type on the command line, in the util directory:
ntftrigger.exe -getusernotification -notifyid WEBNOTE -user brownwi See usage in f ormation  for ntftrigger
Web notific ations:
ntftrigger.exe -listusernotifications -user <user ID> [-
targetid <target ID>]
                 [-svcid <SVCID>] [-timeout <N>] [-threads <N> ]
                 [-increment I|N|P]
ntftrigger.exe -getusernotification -notifyid <notifyid> -
user <user ID>
                 [-targetid <target ID>]
                 [-svcid <SVCID>] [-timeout <N>] [-threads <N>]
                 [-increment I|N|P]
Batch notific ations:
ntftrigger.exe -runbatch -notifyid <notifyid> [-targetid <target ID>]
                 [-svcid <SVCID>] [-timeout <N>] [-threads <N>]
                 [-increment I|P]
Argument Description
-g e tusernotific ation Get a specified  web notific ation  for a specified  user.
-increment <increment> User notific ation  increment indicator:
I - increment
N - no increment
P - peek - used for a dry-run or test
The default for web notific ations  is N. The N indicator
does not apply to batch notific ations.
-lis tusernotific ations List all web notific ations  for a specified  user.
-notif yid  <notif yid> Notific ation  ID.
-runbatch Run a specified  batch notific ation.
-svcid <svcid> SVCID that the Notific ation  Service (p sntfs v c)  uses. If not
specified,  it is read from the instance’s registry.
-t ar g etid  <t ar g etid> Target system ID for the specified  account.
-threads <threads> Number of threads to send concurrent requests. If not
specified,  the default is 1.
-timeout  <timeout> Connection  timeout  value. If not specified,  it is read from
the instance’s registry.
-user <user> Pr ofile  ID if TARGETID is not specified;  account/longid on
TARGETID otherwise.
Examples
1.To list web notific ations  for a specific  user: 1.    ntftrigger.exe -listusernotifications -user brownwi
2.To list a specific  web notific ation  for a specific  user: 2.
    ntftrigger.exe -getusernotification -notifyid WEBNOTE -
user brownwi
3.To run a batch notific ation: 3.
   ntftrigger.exe -runbatch -notifyid BATCHNOTE
4.To dry-run a batch notific ation,  use the -increment P  option.  The batch notific ation  proceeds as 4.
usual with the compliance plugin and will return non-compliant users. The users' notific ation  status
will not be updated and the reminder plugin and action  plugin will not be executed. The option  is used
to test the notific ation.
   ntftrigger.exe -runbatch -notifyid BATCHNOTE -increment P
.
R es t arting  notific ations
To clear records of notific ations  sent for a particular  web notific ation,  click Restart at the bottom  of the
Web notific ation  inf ormation  page.
You may want to do this, for example, if you change the maximum number of messages to send or other
c on figur ation  settings.
Con figuring  batch notific ations
Applies to Bravura Pass license 
Batch notific ations  can be triggered at certain times,  or directly by an administrator. Multiple  users whose
passwords are about to expire or who have not complied with some requirement can be sent batch
reminders, by email or some other method, advising them what to do.
No additional  softw ar e  ins t allation  is required for batch notific ation.
Example: Warning users to register security questions
The following example shows you how to set up a batch notific ation  to disable users’ pr ofiles  if they
ignore two warnings to register their security questions:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User notific ations  > Batch notific ations . 1.
2.Click Add new … . 2.
3.Type the notific ation  ID and Description . The notific ation  ID can only contain ASCII characters. 3.
4.Set the notific ation  Severity to Warning . 4.
5.Set the Plugin to run to determine compliance to Security questions  r egis tr ation . 5.
6.Select the radio button  for Maximum number of messages to send per user and type 2 in the 6.
adjacent field.
7.Set the Plugin to run when reminder limit is exceeded to Disable pr ofile . 7.8.Click Add. 8.
9. Con figur e  plugin options. 9.
For this example, only the plugin responsible for delivering the reminders requires c on figur ation.
a.Click the c on figur e  icon 
  next to the Plugin to run to deliver compliance reminder field. a.
b.Enter the required subject and message details. These plugins also use settings  de fined  in the b.
Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Email c on figur ation  menu.
c.Click Update . c.
10. Schedule the notific ation: 10.
a.Click the Schedule tab. a.
b. Con figur e  scheduling options. b.
See Scheduling batch notific ations  (on page 470) for detail.
c.Click Add. c.
Example: Con figuring  batch notific ation  for password expiry
This example shows you how to set up a warning-level password expiry notific ation.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack is installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system is added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪Password expiry de t ection  (on page 445) is c on figur ed. ▪
Set up a batch notific ation
To set up a warning-level password expiry notific ation:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser. 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Policies > User notific ations  > Batch notific ations  . 2.
3.Click Add new … 3.
4.Type:4.
▪ID PASSWORDEXPIRY ▪
▪ Description  Notification of pending password expiry ▪
The notific ation  ID can only contain ASCII characters.
5.Set the notific ation  Severity  to "Warning". 5.
6.Set the Plugin to run to determine compliance  to "Password expiry". 6.
7.Select the radio button  for Maximum number of messages to send per user  and type 2 in the 7.
adjacent field.
8.Click Add. 8.
Bravura Security Fabric  warns you that the compliance plugin requires c on figur ation.