Click Next .
6.Assign privileges to the team groups.6.
Each group can have one or more privileges  (on page 2140). Bravura Security Fabric  administrators
can set a default set of groups for new teams.Click Next .Set the initial  team trustees for the new team.
Team trustees can manage team groups and members. There must be at least one team trustee in
order to create a team.7.Click Submit . 7.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
8.Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 8.
Once the request has been approved, the team will be created and the team trustee will then have
access to the following pr e-de fined  requests:
▪Team: Manage Group Membership  (on page 2161) ▪
▪Team: Update  (on page 2167) ▪
API aut omation  for team cr eation
Once the API has been c on figur ed  (See ”SOAP API” in Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf )), and
your script has been authentic a t ed  to the API (Login or LoginEx API calls), the WF API calls can be used to
create an API request to create a team.
Use the WFPDRSubmit function  to create a w orkflo w  request and submit the request for publishing.
When submitting  a request, use ”TEAM-CREATE” as the pr e-de fined  request (PDR) ID. At a minimum, the
request requires the following attribut es:
attrk e y value
TC The name of the team.
TC_GROUPS The team group name(s).
*_PRIVILEGES The privileges  (on page 2140) for the
team group, where * is the team
group name. This needs to be
de fined  for every team group in
TC_GROUPS.
*_MEMBERS The pr ofile  GUID of the user(s) for
the team group, where * is the team
group name. This only needs to be
de fined  for team groups with the
Team_Trustees  privilege only.
TEAM-CREATE batch request sample
"TC","TC_GROUPS","Group1_PRIVILEGES","Group2_PRIVILEGES","Group3_PRIVILEGES","Group1_MEMBERS" 
"TEAM-000000","Group1,Group2,Group3","Team_Trustees","System_Trustees","Account_Trustees","5A8598FA-
BCB1-4C36-A504-03F1F0478138"
Verify team c on figur ation
To verify a team's c on figur ation  or check why specific  users do not get the access expected, run the P AM
team Management c on figur ation  report on the specific  team:
1.Click Manage reports > Reports > Privileged access: Con figur ation>  PAM Team Management 1.
c on figur ation.
2.Search for the team name you want to include in the report.2.3.Click Run. 3.
The report will display the various team groups, privileges, child groups and members of those groups.
Example: Cr eating  a team
This example demonstrates how to de fine  team administrators, how a team administrator creates a
team, and how a trustee manages team group members.
Requirements
This example requires:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack installed ▪
▪Bravura P attern:  Privileged Access E dition  installed ▪
▪ Activ e  Directory source of pr ofiles ▪
RefBuild.pam_team_management and Scenario.pam_personal_admin_management are installed
when Bravura P attern:  Privileged Access E dition  is installed.
Add team administrators
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser. 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 2.
3.Select PAM_TEAM_ADMINS . 3.
4.Click the Criteria  tab. 4.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the user class criteria page.
5.Click Add new…  in the P articipan ts  have group memberships matching:  section. 5.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the add criteria page.
6.Choose "Required" from the Membership  drop-down list to include users who belong to the specified 6.
group in the user class.
7.Search for, and select, the AD target system.7.
8.Search for the PAM Server Admins  managed group, and select that group. 8.
9.Click Add. 9.10. Click the Test tab and click List to list all users who match the criteria. 10.
The result should display users similar to the image below:
11. Click the General  tab and click Recalculate  to update the user class membership cache. 11.
Create a team
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a team administrator. 1.
2.In the Requests  section  of the main menu, click Manage Resources . 2.3.Click Team: Create . 3.
4.Enter the following:4.
Team Name  Unix Admin Accounts
Team Description  Unix admin accounts for r equesting
Click Next5.Create the following groups:5.
▪Approver▪
▪Requester▪
▪Trustee▪
Use the "More" icon 
  to add more team name fields  to the list.
Click Next
6.Enter the following team group descriptions. 6.
Approver  Users who can approve
Requester  Users who can request
Trustee  Users who can manage teamClick Next .
7.Assign privileges to the team groups as follows:7.
Approver  Approvers, Auto_approved, Cr edential_Manag er ,  Requesters
Requester  Requesters
Trustee  Team Trustees
Note that it is important that users who have the Auto_approved privilege also have the Requesters
privilege.
Click Next .
8.Search for and select a user as the initial  team trustee for the new team. 8.
Team trustees can manage team resources and members. There must be at least one team trustee to
create a team.
9.Click Submit . 9.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
10. Click the View request  link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 10.
You will see that the request has been processed. The team has been fully c on figur ed.
Add group memberships
To manage team group membership as a team trustee:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as the team trustee for the "Unix Admin Accounts" team. 1.
2.In the Requests  section  of the main menu, click Manage Resources . 2.
Note the requests that are available to this user.