Argument Description
-i <pattern> Image name pattern
-l List the available codecs on the system. smonavi prints a
+ symbol next to usable codecs.
-r <rate> The rate of frames per second
Example
The default command de fined  by the SMON VIDEO CREATE COMMAND LINE is:
smonavi.exe -r %fps% -i %pattern%_*.png -f %path% -c %codec%
Where:
▪%fps  is the frames per second at which the session was recorded. ▪
▪%pattern  is the start of the file names that will be consistent for all images in a single video. ▪
This allows smonavi to determine which images came from what display when multiple  displays
are used.
▪%path  is a loc ation  in the directory specified  by SMON TEMP STORAGE PATH in the Manage the ▪
system > Modules > Recorded session management  (SMON) menu.
▪%codec%  is replaced by the value of SMON VIDEO CREATE CODEC CODE in the Manage the system ▪
> Modules > Recorded session management  (SMON) menu.
The msvc codec is recommended for t esting  only. To see what other codecs you have available, run
the smonavi utility  with the -l argument.
See also
▪smonprocessmeta▪
When session monitoring is enabled, the smonprocessmeta  program processes harvested data
and inserts the data into the database in a series of batch oper ations.  If a signific an t  amount of data
has been collected, this could result in signific an t  work for the database. smonprocessmeta
executes periodically while a session monitoring session is activ e.  Text-based data such as keystroke,
clipboard and UI data will not be available to search engines or in zip packages until
smonprocessmeta  is executed.
See also
▪smonsavemeta  (on page 3624) ▪
▪smonavi  (on page 3620) ▪
▪Scheduling maintenance  (on page 2702) to learn how to change the scheduled run time. ▪
▪smonsavemeta▪
smonsavemeta creates session data packages when requested from the Recorded session
management  (SMON) module, and fir es  any additional  utilities  such as smonavi or another video
g ener ation  utility .  It is not intended to be run manually from the command line.Recorded session events
The following Session monitor  app events can launch interface programs and can be accessed from
Manage the system  > Maintenance > System variables  or Manage the system  > Modules  > Session
monitor:
Option Description
SMON ADMIN SESS TERM An administrator terminates the session recording
SMON ADMIN SESS TERM REQ An administrator terminates the session recording
request.
SMON EVT PARSE ERR A damaged or unparsable event is received.
SMON PKG DOWNLOAD A recorded session package is downloading.
SMON PKG FAILED An error occurs in g ener ating  the recorded session
package.
SMON PKG REQ St arting  the recorded session package request.
SMON PKG SUCCESS A recorded session package is successfully generated.
SMON SEARCH St arting  the recorded session search.
SMON SESSION END A session recording ends.
SMON SESSION START A session recording starts.Part VI W orkflo wPr ofile  and request attribut es
Pr ofile  and request attribut es  can play an important role during Bravura Security Fabric  processes. A
pr ofile  and request attribut e  can de fine  a user object’s parameters and use. In many cases, attribut es  and
attribut e  values represent diff er en t  roles and access privileges on target systems. Many or g aniz ations
determine a user’s system status by the value of some attribut e.  For example, the value of an attribut e  of
"F"  versus "T"  may determine whether the user is disabled on a given system or not.
You can also de fine  pr ofile  and request attribut es  to gather extra in f ormation  about a user. For example,
users may enter human resource in f ormation  such as date of birth, mobile phone provider and number,
or social security number.
Request-only attribut es  are used solely in the context of requests, and do not have a permanent e ff ect  on
user pr ofiles.
How attribut e  in f ormation  is collected
In f ormation  can be collected by:
▪The auto discovery  process, which loads account attribut e  in f ormation  – from target systems that ▪
support attribut e  listing  – into mapped pr ofile  and request attribut es.
▪A plugin that aut omatic ally  collects and/or generates or looks up in f ormation,  such as an employee ID, ▪
from a database.
To learn how to c on figur e  and write such a program, see V alidating  and g ener ating  attribut e  values
(on page 1290).
▪Users who update pr ofile  in f ormation  using the web interface. ▪
Mapping pr ofile  and request attribut es
You can map pr ofile  and request attribut es  to account attribut es  to load users’ in f ormation  from a target
system. You can also c on figur e  attribut es  so that users’ accounts are updated when their pr ofile
in f ormation  is updated.
The type and number of values of the pr ofile  and request attribut e  must be c ompatible  with the account
attribut e.  For example, you cannot map a required account attribut e  to an optional  pr ofile  and request
attribut e,  or a single-valued account attribut e  to a multi- v alued  pr ofile  and request attribut e.
See Account attribut es  (on page 566) for more in f ormation  about mapping attribut es.
Grouping attribut es
Attribut es  must be included in an attribut e  group in order to be used. You can organize attribut es  into
groups to:
▪Assign read and write privileges to users in diff er en t  stages of authoriz ation  w orkflo w . ▪
▪Assign read and write privileges to creators of managed system policies, when Bravura Privilege ▪
features are used.▪Determine whether attribut es  are displayed for specific  oper ations,  such as view pr ofile. ▪
▪Determine how attribut es  are displayed to users on the request form. ▪
See Attribut e  groups  (on page 1304) for details.
Enforcing v alidation
Normally, if a value is required, Bravura Security Fabric  stops a request from proceeding if the user has
not entered a correctly f ormatted  value. You can turn off v alidation  for an attribut e  or attribut e  group if
an incorrectly entered value should not block a request. This can be useful, for example, if a user needs to
create or update their pr ofile  but does not have complete in f ormation.
If used, the attribut e  v alidation  plugin overrides these settings.   
See also: 
Force users to update pr ofile  in f ormation  (on page 555)
Types of pr ofile  and request attribut es
Pr ofile  and request attribut es  can be de fined  according to the following types:
String A short alpha-numeric value
Integer An all-numeric value
Boolean A true or false value.
Memo A multi-line  alpha-numeric value
Password A value hidden from view. Bravura Security Fabric  obscures user input with asterisk
(*) or other characters.
This type of pr ofile  and request attribut e  can be mapped to character or numerical
account attribut es  only.
Da t e/time Users select a da t e/time  in one of the three following formats:
▪year/month/day (YYYY/MM/DD)▪
▪year/month/day hour:minute (YYYY/MM/DD hh:mm)▪
▪year month day (YYYY <month> DD), where <month> is spelled out ▪
Nativ e  date attribut es  are converted to ISO date format to map to Da t e/time  type
attribut es.  If the target system does not support conversion of nativ e  format to ISO
format, you can use the attribut e  v alidation  plugin to mirror the attribut e  to a hidden
attribut e  that can be mapped. See Plugins
Note:  Attribut es  of type ”Da t e/time”  cannot accept values pr edating  1970.
User A user pr ofile.  A valid pr ofile  ID entered into this attribut e  will be displayed as a
clickable user object on read-only pages. This is used, for example, for searching
recorded sessions of a particular  user.
Link An external link to a web page or image; for example a personal web page or photo
ID. When the link is read-only, users can click on it to open a window or tab in the
browser. Hover your cursor over an image link for a preview of the image.File Users can attach  a file to their pr ofile  or request. Various file extensions are
supported.
The default maximum file size is 1000KB, which can be set using the MAX UPLOAD
FILE SIZE system variable in the Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  menu.
Target system A target system. Users can search for the ID of the target system. A valid discovered
system ID entered into this attribut e  will be displayed as a clickable target system
object on read-only pages.
Managed system A managed system, for privileged access management. Users can type, or search for,
the ID of the managed system. A valid managed system ID entered into this attribut e
will be displayed as a clickable managed system object on read-only pages.
Discovered system An unmanaged discovered system. Users can search for the ID of the discovered
system. A valid discovered system ID entered into this attribut e  will be displayed as a
clickable discovered system object on read-only pages.
Manageable account A managed or unmanaged account. Users can search for the ID of the manageable
account. A valid account ID entered into this attribut e  will be displayed as a clickable
account object on read-only pages.
Managed group A managed group. Users can search for the ID or description  of the managed group.
A managed group entered into this attribut e  will be displayed as a clickable managed
group object on read-only pages.
Built-in pr ofile  and request attribut es
There are several built-in attribut es:
Changing the values in the built-in attribut es  can cause serious problems. Ensure you thoroughly test your
changes.
APIUSER_CIDR Used to de fine  a product administrator’s allowed network addresses
for remote API access.
It is not included in an attribut e  group by default.
ARCH_EXTEND_CHECKOUT_REASON Used for Bravura Privilege  check-out extension requests: Reason for
the check-out extension.
It is included in the Check-out extension details group.
DESC_APP Used to store the request description.
It is included in the App built-in attribut es  group.
EMAIL Used to store users’ email addresses.
You can add EMAIL to an attribut e  group if you want requesters to
de fine  an email address for new users..
EMAIL_APP Used to store users’ email addresses.
It is included in the App built-in attribut es  group.
FIRST_NAME Used to store users’ fir s t names.
It is included in the base attribut es  group.
LAST_NAME Used to store users’ last names.
It is included in the base attribut es  group.LUPD_AUTO_ASSOCIATE When this boolean attribut e  is set to true, the account will be auto
associated with other accounts. If the attribut e  is set to false, the
account will not be subjected to the auto association  process.
MAQCMD_SCOPE Used to limit the commands that can be executed.
It is included in the Commands for account set access attribut e
group.
MAQ_COMMAND Account set commands.
It is included in the Commands for account set access attribut e
group.
NOTES_APP Used to store the requester notes.
It is included in the App built-in attribut es  group.
ORGCHART_MANAGER Used to store or to change a user’s primary manager. This attribut e
loads OrgChart data when mapped to a manager account attribut es.
Users can also be allowed to directly update their primary manager.
It is not included in an attribut e  group by default.
OTHER_NAME Used to store users’ middle names or initials.
It is included in the base attribut es  group.
PPM_VIEW_TIME_BEGIN In Bravura Privilege password check-out requests, this is the
beginning of the interval in which a user has permission to check
out an adminis tr ativ e  password.
It is included in the Privileged Access Manager request base
attribut e  group.
PPM_VIEW_TIME_END In Bravura Privilege  password check-out requests, this is the end of
the interval in which a user has permission to check out an
adminis tr ativ e  password.
It is included in the Privileged Access Manager request base
attribut e  group.
PROFILE_PIC Used to link a pr ofile  picture for each user.
It is included in the base attribut es  group.
RBACENFORCE When this boolean attribut e  is set to true, the user is included in the
role enforcement jurisdiction.  When a new user is created, or an
access change request is issued for an e xisting  user, the default
value is true.
It is included in the RBACENFORCEATTR group.
SEND_RECIPIENT_EMAIL By default, recipients receive all emails addressed to them. When
this boolean attribut e  is set to false, the recipient will no longer
receive emails involving the request.
It is not included in an attribut e  group by default.
SEND_REQUESTER_EMAIL By default, requesters receive all emails addressed to them. When
this boolean attribut e  is set to false, the requester will no longer
receive emails involving the request.
It is not included in an attribut e  group by default.SM_BROWSER_VIEW_TIME_END Used for requests to view recorded sessions. Allow the recipient to
view sessions in a browser until  this time.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browser view limits
group..
SM_BROWSER_VIEW_TIME_START Used for requests to view recorded sessions: Allow the recipient to
view sessions in a browser s t arting  at this time.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browser view limits
group.
SM_EVENT_TYPE Used for requests to download recorded sessions: Content types to
include in package.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data view limits group.
SM_SEARCH_DEST_MANAGED_SYSTEM Used for requests to search recorded sessions: Managed system.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_INITIATOR Used for requests to search recorded sessions: Session initia t or
pr ofile  ID.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_MANAGED_ACCOUNT Used for requests to search recorded sessions: Privileged access.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_SEARCH_TIME_END Used for requests to search recorded sessions: Allow the recipient
to search until  this time.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_SEARCH_TIME_START Used for requests to search recorded sessions: Allow the recipient
to search s t arting  at this time.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_SESS_TIME_END Used for requests to search recorded sessions: Search for sessions
activ e  until  this time.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_SESS_TIME_START Used for requests to search recorded sessions: Search for sessions
activ e  s t arting  at this time.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_SOURCE Used for requests to search recorded sessions: User device ID.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_SEARCH_SOURCE_ACCOUNT Used for requests to search recorded sessions: User login ID.
It is included in the Recorded session meta data browse limits group.
SM_VIEW_EXPIRY_TIME Used for requests to download recorded sessions: How long the
package should be retained once it is generated (in days).
It is included in the Recorded session meta data view limits group.
SSH_AUTH_KEY In Bravura Privilege  generic check-out requests, this is the SSH
public key to add to the managed account.
It is included in the App SSH attribut es  group.
SSH_PUBLIC_KEYS Used for storing users’ SSH public keys.
It is included in the SSH public key profile  attribut es  group.UPDATE_ONLY_CHANGED_ATTRS This boolean attribut e  allows requesters to indicate whether to
update all the account attribut es,  or only the changed ones. Its
value is only used in context of the request, and is not saved with
the user’s pr ofile.
VIEWABLE_BY_RECIPIENT This boolean attribut e  allows requesters to indicate whether a
recipient is allowed to view a request in the Requests app. Its value
is only used in context of the request, and is not saved with the
user’s pr ofile.
It is included in the request-only group.
The following request attribut es  should not be modified  as they are required in order for requests in the
Privileged access  app and Session monitor  app to work:
▪ACCOUNT_TARGET_LIST▪
▪DURATION_INTERVAL▪
▪DURATION_UNIT▪
▪EXTENSION_DURATION_UNIT▪
▪SM_SEARCH_MSPS▪
▪USE_DURATION▪
▪RECIPIENT_APP▪
Getting  started
Requirements 
You require the Con figur e  w orkflo w  setup adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to c on figur e  pr ofile  and
request attribut es.   
Na vig ation  
Use the Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Pr ofile  and request attribut es  menu to add, modify, and
delete attribut es,  and to c on figur e  global settings.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of e xisting  pr ofile  and request attribut es.   
Adding a new pr ofile  and request attribut e  
To add a new pr ofile  and request attribut e:
1.Click Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Pr ofile  and request attribut es  > Pr ofile  and request 1.
attribut es .
2.Type an ID, and the Description  that users will see. 2.
3.Select a Type . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  refreshes the page and displays settings  according to the type you selected. If
JavaScript is not enabled for your browser, you must click Add to allow the page to refresh.
4.Set parameters as described in Table Pr ofile  and request attribut e  parameters  (on page 1270). 4.
5.Click Add, or Update . 5.You can also add profile  and request attribut es  from the account attribut e  attribut e  c onfiguration  page
when mapping attribut es.  See Mapping account attribut es  to profile  and request attribut es  (on page
571).
De fining  pr ofile  and request attribut es
Parameters for pr ofile  and request attribut es  vary depending on the attribut e’ s  type, as listed in the table
below:
Pr ofile  and request attribut e  parameters
Setting Type Description
Display type Boolean, Da t e/time,  String Determine how users select or enter
values.
For boolean attribut es  the options
are "Drop-down", "Checkbox", or
"Radio buttons".
For da t e/time  attribut es  the options
are "Da t e/time"  or "Date only
(calendar)" where the date is
selected with a popup calendar, or
"Date only (YYYY-MM-DD)" where
the date is selected with a drop-
down menu.
For string attribut es  with restricted
values it becomes available only if
the attribut e  allows multiple  values
and the options  are "Drop-down" or
"Drop-down with two-columns" to
allow user to select values from
either a drop-down list or a two-
columns window..
Validate user User Determine whether the pr ofile  ID
entered for a user-type attribut e  is a
valid or invalid user..
Display as an image Link, File Display the link or file as an image
with a size of 100 x 100 pixels
Validate attribut e  value Link Checks whether the specified  link is
valid before accepting  the value..
Minimum required number of
valuesAll A number greater than 0 means the
attribut e  is required.
Maximum allowed number of
valuesAll except Boolean, Memo,
Password, and Da t e/timeA number greater than 1 means that
multiple  values are allowed.
Maximum field  length String, Integer, Password Maximum length allowed for each
value.