Cr eating  a custom report
To create a custom report in Python:
1.Import the report library from IDMLib . 1.
2. Initializ e  a report object. This should contain: 2.
▪Report title ▪
▪Report category▪
▪Report description ▪
If you want the report to be included under a specific  category, use an e xisting  category name
when initializing  a report object in your python script. The e xisting  category name is defined  in
report.py  in the \<instance>\idmlib\ directory.
3.Set the headers of the report table (using add_headers() method).3.
The number of headers and their values will not change once this is done.
4.Construct the search criteria.4.
There are methods, de fined  in report.py  in the \<instance>\idmlib\ directory, to add diff er en t
search fields.
5.Call the start (cb) method, passing the function  name of the callback that will handle the processing of 5.
the data.
Registering a custom report
Registering a report is the act of importing  the custom report into the report module. Once correctly
registered, the custom report should be indistinguishable  from a built-in report.
To import the report:
1.Ensure that Python 3.11.2+ is installed and added to the oper ating  system PATH variable. 1.
2.To check whether Python recognizes IDMLib:2.
a.Open a command line prompt and navigate to the <Program Files path>\Bravura Security\Bravura a.
Security Fabric\<instance>\  directory.
b.Type python , and press [Enter]  to start the Python interpreter. b.
c.On the Python interpreter command line, type from idmlib import report , and press c.
[Enter] .
d.If IDMLib  is recognized, there should be no error returned. d.
3.Copy the script file into the \<instance>\report\ directory. 3.
4.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  and navigate to Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Plugins . 4.
5.In the PLUGIN PROGRAM  field,  specify:  .py <Python Installation Path> . 5.
6.Navigate to Manage the system > Modules > Manage reports (RPT) . 6.
7.In the ALLOWED REPORTS CUSTOM  field,  type the path, file name and extension of the report script 7.
r elativ e  to the \<instance>\report\ directory.
For multiple  reports, include the report script names in a comma-separated list.For example, if the report script, sample.py is located in \<instance>\report\pam\, then specify pam
\sample.py  only.
If the script contains any errors, it will not show up in the Manage reports (RPT) module. Manage
reports  reports page will display which custom reports have errors detected in them.
T r oubleshooting  custom reports
A method is provided in order to troubleshoot custom reports. Within the \<instance>\report\ directory,
run the following command:
<Script>.py <Action>
where <Script> is the custom report script and <Action>  is one of:
Custom reports tr oubleshooting  arguments
Argument Description
-h, –help Display the help message and exit.
-query Returns the KVGroup of search criteria to display.
-queryinfo Returns report title,  category, and description  details.
-queryheaders Returns headers de fined  in script. The number of entries
must match the number of header columns de fined.
-t estinput  <t estinput> Generate empty search criteria KVGroup input
<t estinput>.
-testrun <testrun> Dumps all query info and executes using search criteria
de fined  in KVGroup file <testrun>
-execute Executes search query. Expects initial  KVGroup.
Sample Custom Report
A sample report, example-custom-report.py , is located in samples\idmlib\report\.
If you cannot find the sample file, try re-running setup to modify your ins t allation.  Sample files are
aut omatic ally  installed only with complete ins t allations.  You can select them in custom ins t allations.
Viewing dashboards
The View dashboards (dash) console displays graphical summary reports of s t atistics  for Bravura Security
Fabric  oper ation  and usage. This chapter provides general in f ormation  about using dashboards, and in
particular ,  the View dashboards (DASH)  console.
Read this chapter to learn about:
▪Caching▪
▪Graphs and drill-down reports▪
▪ Certific ation  dashboard ▪▪Privileged access dashboards▪
▪ W orkflo w  dashboard ▪
▪OrgChart dashboard▪
▪Enrollment dashboard▪
▪Help desk dashboard▪
See also
The Health check  (on page 2795) monitor dashboard is also displayed if the user has the required
privileges.
Caching
Some dashboards use cached data. Product administrators with the "Recompute dashboard cache"
privilege can use the Update button  on cached dashboards (identified  by having a last update time).  A
message is displayed while the dashboard is being updated and the Update button  is not available during
that time.
You can use system variables in the Manage the system > Modules > View dashboards  (DASH) menu to
determine if the cached data on a dashboard needs to be recalculated upon visiting  the page.
Graphs and drill-down reports
Some dashboards include graphs of s t atistics  found on the page. You can hover the cursor over the data
set on each type of graph to see the s t atistic  details.
For line graphs, you can also:
▪Hover over an item in the legend to highlight the r elativ e  line on the graph. ▪
▪Click on an item in the legend to enable/disable the r elativ e  line on the graph. ▪
JavaScript must be enabled for the graphs to be visible.
Product administrators who have the privilege to view a specific  dashboard can view a more in-depth
r epr esen t ation  of the data in any graph by clicking on an area in the graph or on any row within the table
below the graph. This opens a pop-up "drill-down" window that tables data from a specific  section  of the
graph. A basic search box within the window allows you to filt er  data within the table.
For more in f ormation  about graph behavior see Using graphs within reports  (on page 2913).
Certific ation  dashboard
 Applies to Bravura Identity  
 Applies to Bravura Privilege
Product administrators with the privileges listed here
There are four views available, depending on privileges of the dashboard viewer:
▪All users and entitlemen ts  shows general view of certific ation  s t atistics  for all the users and ▪
entitlemen ts.▪Current certific ation  campaigns initia t ed  by me shows certific ation  s t atistics  for activ e  campaigns ▪
started by me.
▪Direct subordinates  shows certific ation  s t atistics  for my direct subordinates only. ▪
▪All subordinate s shows certific ation  s t atistics  for all my subordinates, direct and indirect. ▪
Users who are not managers and have the "View certific ation  dashboard" privilege can view:
▪All users and entitlemen ts ▪
Users who are not managers and have the "View certific ation  dashboard" and "Initia t e  entitlemen t
certific ation  campaigns" privileges can view:
▪Current certific ation  campaigns initia t ed  by me ▪
Users who are not managers and have "View certific ation  dashboard" and "Manage certific ation  process"
privileges can view:
▪All users and entitlemen ts ▪
▪Current certific ation  campaigns initia t ed  by me ▪
Managers with the "View certific ation  dashboard" privilege can view:
▪Direct subordinates▪
▪All subordinates▪
Managers with the "View certific ation  dashboard" and "Initia t e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns"
privileges can view:
▪Current certific ation  campaigns initia t ed  by me ▪
▪Direct subordinates▪
▪All subordinates▪
Managers with "View certific ation  dashboard" and "Manage certific ation  process" privileges can view:
▪All users and entitlemen ts ▪
▪Current certific ation  campaigns initia t ed  by me ▪
▪Direct subordinates▪
▪All subordinates▪
can click View dashboards > Certific ation  to see s t atistics  of entitlemen ts  that are in the system.
On the dashboard, entitlemen ts  fit into two categories based on their status of certific ation:
▪Reviewed:  number of entitlemen ts  that have been certified  and have been signed off . ▪
▪Unreviewed:  number of entitlemen ts  that are not signed off yet. ▪
The entitlemen ts  include pr ofiles,  accounts, roles and managed group memberships. A v ertic al  bar graph
is included to display this set of s t atistics.
The current activity  displays the s t atistics  of activ e  certific ation  campaigns.
Both sets of data (entitlemen ts  and current activity)  are cached.Graphs and data
If you have the "View certific ation  dashboard" privilege, you can view in-depth data in a pop-up window
by clicking on elements within a graph.Privileged access dashboards
Product administrators with the "View privileged access dashboard" privilege can click View dashboards
> Privileged access  to view:
▪License in f ormation  (on page 2927) ▪
▪Local w ork s t ation  (on page 2928) ▪
▪Managed accounts  (on page 2929) ▪
▪Group sets  (on page 2931) ▪
▪Account sets  (on page 2933) ▪▪Managed account access trend  (on page 2935) ▪
▪Group set access trend  (on page 2936) ▪
▪Password r andomiz ation  (on page 2937) ▪
▪Onboarding and offboar ding  (on page 2938) ▪
You can change the span of the results by selecting  the time  span from the drop-down boxes. You can
generate more detailed reports from the Manage reports  menu.
There are bar graphs for the number of check-outs, blocked check-outs, pending check-outs and pending
requests for managed accounts and group sets.
License in f ormation
This dashboard reports on the number of servers and w ork s t ations  managed by Bravura Security Fabric .
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > License in f ormation .
This dashboard does not use cached data.Local w ork s t ation
This dashboard reports on local w ork s t ation  service s t atistics,  including the number that have registered
to the Bravura Privilege  server, number of systems that are currently managed by Bravura Privilege , and
number of systems that are unmanaged.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Local w ork s t ation . This dashboard
is split into two sections:
▪Local w ork s t ation  service overall summary: these s t atistics  are not based on a time  interval ▪
▪Local w ork s t ation  service summary: these s t atistics  are restricted to the specified  time  interval. You ▪
can select various time  intervals from the drop-down list to calculate the s t atistics.
This dashboard does not use cached data.Managed accounts
This dashboard reports on managed account s t atistics,  including the number of accounts currently
checked out, blocked check-outs, and requests approved for check-out.
To access this dashboard, click View dashboards > Privileged access > Managed accounts . This
dashboard is split into two sections:
▪Current s t atistics  for managed accounts: these s t atistics  are not based on a time  interval ▪
▪Managed accounts summary: these s t atistics  are restricted to the specified  time  interval. You can ▪
select various time  intervals from the drop-down list to calculate the s t atistics.
Only the current s t atistics  for managed accounts are cached.