3.Edit the exported .cfg file(.e xp  file) to globally rename SMSPIN so it sorts above PERSONAL_EMAILPIN 3.
(for example ASMSPIN).
4.Re-import  (on page 865) the authentic ation  chains according to the article  listed above. 4.
5.Test the results.5.
6.When successful, update any custom components which add authentic ation  chains, to use the new 6.
names for the authentic ation  chain IDs.
7.If only default components are used, override them with custom ones that add the new chain ID7.
names.
Now, the Available chain s field  lists chains as:
Use PSFEXT_VALUES
ASMSPIN
EMAILPIN
Bravura Security Fabric  displays:
The method above is recommended even though manually cr eating  a copy custom authentic ation  chain
is also possible only if the authentic ation  chain does not have any of its modules registered (and it will
require manual changes to all other chains where this chain is referenced).
Any other components and/or policy tables which may refer to the ID-renamed authentic ation  chains
must be edited as well. If component changes are required, do not edit default components; make
custom ones.
Some other authentic ation  chain modules (for example challenge-response modules like Okta or Duo)
also provide their options  in the order they are sent back from the API of the r espectiv e  authentic ation
service, or follow built-in order.CAPTCHA test authentic ation
In this example, an authentic ation  chain is set up to include a CAPTCHA test. CAPTCHA is an acronym for
“Completely Automated Public Turing Test To Tell Computers and Humans Apart.” It is a type of
challenge-response test used to determine whether or not the authentic ating  user is human. Publicly
facing instances of Bravura Security Fabric  are often  c on figur ed  to include a CAPTCHA test as part of the
authentic ation  process in order to prevent dictionar y  attack s  on passwords, by displaying distorted text
that humans can read but current computer programs cannot.
Bravura Security Fabric  leverages Google’s reCAPTCHA system and off er s  a scenario-based component
called Scenario.hid_authchain_recaptcha  to help deploy this functionality .  This component
will install a custom authentic ation  chain. As part of the c on figur ation  process, you are required to set
the SECRET_KEY and SITE_KEY parameters (obtained from Google) in the hid_global_c on figur ation  table.
Con figur e  the custom authentic ation  chain:
Chain Module Control type Settings
DEFAULT_LOGIN Authentic ation  chain
selector (select_chain.pss)requisite Available chains :
RECAPTCHA
DEFAULT_LOGIN Authentic ation  chain
selector (select_chain.pss)required Available chains :
Use PSFEXT_VALUES
When a user logs in:
1.The user must use the default module, with either a password on a trusted system or by answering1.
security questions.
2.The user must solve the CAPTCHA test module.2.
If the response is valid, authentic ation  proceeds. If the response is invalid, authentic ation  is
immediately terminated.
Both modules must be successfully completed before the user can log in.
You can c on figur e  a similar HELPDESK_LOGIN chain for use when a helpdesk user accesses a user’s pr ofile
in the Help users  (IDA) module.Authentic ation  chains: SAML
Bravura Security Fabric  supports a federated authentic ation  model using the Security Assertions  Markup
Language (SAML 2.0). Depending on requirements, Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to act as
either an Identity  Provider (IdP), or as a Service Provider  (SP).
Bravura Security Fabric  as Identity  Provider 
As an Identity  Provider, Bravura Security Fabric  provides unified  third-party authentic ation  for a variety of
f eder ation-c apable  applic ations  (Service Providers or SPs) using a Bravura Security Fabric  login process,
reducing the burden of managing multiple  app-specific  cr edentials.  Once users authentic a t e  they are
redirected back to the applic ation  along with a cryptographically signed SAML assertion  indic ating  who
they are (identity),  and what they may access (authoriz ation).
The Scenario.hid_saml_idp  component installs the functionality  to allow Bravura Security Fabric
to act as an SAML Identity  Provider , enabling it to authentic a t e  end users on behalf of a variety of web
applic ations.
Implementing  SAML federated login redirects users attempting  to access supported web applic ations  to
Front-end , reducing the number of accounts a user needs to manage, while allowing you to enforce your
business’ security policies through authentic ation  chains.  
For details see Bravura Security Fabric as identity  provider  (on page 927).
Bravura Security Fabric  as Service Provider 
Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to operate as a Service Provider, accepting  third-party
authentic ation  assertions  from a trusted Identity  Provider. This functionality  is installed via the
Scenario.hid_authchain_saml_sp component, and must be c on figur ed  before use.
For details see Bravura Security Fabric as service provider  (on page 958).
Federated login c on figur ation  options
Several c on figur ation  options  are shared between both SP -initia t ed  and IDP -initia t ed  authentic ations  via
SAML. To c on figur e  these variables:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > F eder ation  / Web Single Sign-on . 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in the table F eder ation  / Web Single Sign-on  options  (on page 923) as required. 2.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in the table F eder ation  / Web Single Sign-on events  (on 3.
page 924), that trigger external programs.
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
F eder ation  / Web Single Sign-on  options
Option Description
FEDIDP CERT FILE The name of the PFX certific a t e  used to sign assertions.Option Description
FEDIDP CERT PASS The password for the signing certific a t e.
FEDIDP CERT STORE The certific a t e  store which contains the SAML signing certific a t e.
  PFX file store (Default): The default signing certific a t e  repository.
  Computer account store: The local machine store for v alidation
certific a t es.
  My user account store: The administrator account’s store for v alidation
certific a t es.
FEDIDP CERT SUBJECT The subject value for the signing certific a t e.
FEDIDP SAML PLUGIN The plugin used to generate SAML assertions.
FEDIDP SESSION MINUTES Con figur es  the maximum dur ation  of a single sign-on session, in minutes
(Default 8640). Expired sessions are aut omatic ally  removed by psupdate
nightly clean up tasks.
Bravura Security Fabric  supports a number of event options  that are specific ally  invoked by federated
login. For more in f ormation  on event c on figur ation,  see Event actions  (exit traps)  (on page 1523).
The following F eder ation  / Web Single Sign-On options  can be accessed from Manage the system  >
Maintenance > System variables  or Manage the system  > Modules  > F eder ation  / Web Single Sign-on :
F eder ation  / Web Single Sign-On events
Option Description
FEDIDP IDENTIFY SUCCESS The SamlRequest web parameter, passed during federated login, is
successfully parsed by Bravura Security Fabric . This event contains the
following data:
▪The SAML request issuer.▪
▪The sp_folder used by the request.▪
▪Remote IP address details.▪
FEDIDP IDENTIFY FAILURE The SamlRequest web parameter, passed during federated login, could not
be parsed by Bravura Security Fabric . This can occur if the SamlRequest or
RelayState web parameters passed by the service provider are empty or
invalid. This event contains the following data:
▪The sp_folder used by the request.▪
FEDIDP AUTH SUCCESS The SAML response assertion  is successfully signed and generated by the
fedidp_response plugin, following a successful federated authentic ation.
This event contains the following data:
▪The user’s pr ofile  ID. ▪
▪The sp_folder used by the request.▪
▪Which authentic ation  chain was used. ▪
▪The initia t or  of the request, either _IDP_LOGIN_ or the SP name. ▪Option Description
FEDIDP AUTH FAILURE The SAML response assertion  could not be successfully signed or generated
by fedidp_response. The most common causes of this include:
▪The Bravura Security Fabric ’s c on figur ation  for that service provider is ▪
invalid.
▪The service provider’s template file in <Instance>\idp\<SP folder> is ▪
invalid.
▪The user is prohibited from accessing the service provider.▪
▪The fedidp_response plugin failed to respond.▪
▪The SAML signing certific a t e  is invalid. ▪
This event contains the following data:
▪The user’s pr ofile  ID. ▪
▪The sp_folder used by the request.▪
▪Which authentic ation  chain was used. ▪
▪The initia t or  of the request, either _IDP_LOGIN_ or the SP name. ▪
The reason for failure, one of:
▪ Authentic ation  failure. ▪
▪Sp_access violation. ▪
▪ Assertion  c ons truction. ▪
▪ Assertion  signing. ▪
FEDIDP SSO SESSION CREATE This event is triggered when a new single sign-on session is created by
fedidp-assert following a successful federated login. The event contains the
following data:
▪The generated SSO session ID.▪
▪The time  and date the session was created. ▪
▪The ID of the web cookie created for this session.▪
▪The full chain used to authentic a t e  this user. ▪
▪The IP address from which the request originated▪
▪The initia t or  of the request, either _IDP_LOGIN_ or the SP name. ▪
FEDIDP SSO SESSION DESTROY An SSO session is terminated, and the session data is removed from the
database. The event contains the following data:
▪The a ff ect ed  session ID ▪
▪The time  and date of t ermination ▪
▪The session key for the a ff ect ed  session ▪
▪The IP address from which the request originated.▪
Federated login oper ation  codes
The following sesslog events are fir ed  by federated login oper ations,  and can be tracked by the event
reports and in the event viewer. These events are called alongside their r espectiv e  exit trap  (on page
924):
▪FIDT , federated identific ation  success event, launched alongside the FEDIDP IDENTIFY SUCCESS exit ▪
trap.▪FATH , federated authentic ation  success event, launched alongside the FEDIDP AUTH SUCCESS exit ▪
trap.
▪SSOC , single sign-on cr eation  event, launched alongside the SSO SESSION CREATE exit trap. ▪
▪SSOD , single sign-on cr eation  event, launched alongside the SSO SESSION DESTROY exit trap. ▪
▪FATN , federated authentic ation  request sent to external IdP , launched alongside the FEDSP SAML ▪
AUTH ISSUED exit trap.
▪FASR , federated assertion  receipt, launched alongside the FEDSP SAML AUTH ASR SUCCESS and ▪
FEDSP SAML AUTH ASR FAIL exit traps.
For more in f ormation  on oper ation  codes in Bravura Security Fabric , see Oper ation  codes  (on page 3672).Authentic ation  chains: Bravura Security Fabric as identity  provider
Bravura Security Fabric  can act as an IdP for any SAML compliant applic ation.  Bravura Security  currently
ships out-of-the-box templates for the following service providers:
▪ Micr osoft  Office  365/Azure. ▪
▪Hitachi Content Platform  Anywhere (HCP Anywhere). ▪
▪YouTrack.▪
▪ Activ e  Directory Federated Services (ADFS) ▪
▪Google Applic ations  (Mail, Calendar, etc.). ▪
▪WebEx.▪
▪Salesforce.▪
As an identity  provider, Bravura Security Fabric  provides unified  third-party authentic ation  for a variety of
f eder ation-c apable  applic ations  using the Bravura Security Fabric  login process, reducing the burden of
managing multiple  app-specific  cr edentials.  Once users authentic a t e  they are redirected back to the
applic ation  along with a cryptographically signed SAML assertion  indic ating  who they are (identity),  and
what they may access (authoriz ation).
Authentic ation  sequence
The sequence for this externalized authentic ation  is as follows:
1.A user accesses applic ation  at URL A. 1.
2.URL A (the SP) redirects the user to Bravura Security Fabric  at URL B. 2.
3.The user enters their login ID into Bravura Security Fabric . 3.
4.Bravura Security Fabric  prompts for appropriate cr edentials.  Diff er en t  users may be asked for diff er en t 4.
sequences of cr edentials,  based on their group memberships and/or identity  attribut es.
5.Bravura Security Fabric  generates a SAML 2.0 assertion,  indic ating  who the user is and what they are 5.
allowed to access.
6.The user is redirected back to URL A, with the signed assertion. 6.
Configur ation
Con figuring  Bravura Security Fabric  as an identity  provider requires the following administrator rights:
▪Manage policies to access the Authentic ation  chains menu item. ▪
▪Manage external data store to access the Manage external data store menu item. ▪
To c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  as an IdP and integrate an SP:
1.Prepare  Bravura Security Fabric  as an IdP  (on page 928) 1.
2.Add a service provider2.
Bravura Security Fabric  has pre c on figur ed  templates for several SPs. If your SP has a pr e-c on figur ed
template, follow the general procedure to add a service provider to the Bravura Security Fabric  IdP
server  (on page 936). A sample use case is provided for a Salesforce Service Provider  (on page 936).or
If support for your service provider  is not included in Bravura Security Fabric  by default, follow the
procedure to add a service provider that is not pr e-c on figur ed  in Bravura Security Fabric  (on page
948). A sample use case is provided to c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  as an SP and integrate with a
Bravura Security Fabric  IdP server  (on page 949)
Prepare Bravura Security Fabric as an IdP
The Scenario.hid_saml_idp component installs the functionality  to allow Bravura Security Fabric  to act as
an identity  provider, enabling it to authentic a t e  end users on behalf of a variety of web applic ations.
1.Install Bravura Security Fabric  and connector packs. 1.
2.Log in to the front end as superuser.2.
3.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Email c on figur ation 3.
4.Set BASE_IDSYNCH_URL  to the servername used in the IIS TLS certific a t e,  which is the URL seen by 4.
the end users' browsers.
If that URL ever changes, the idp-metadata  file must be edited to global-replace the old server
name with the new one.
5.Click Home > Manage components . 5.
6.Install the Scenario.hid_saml_idp component.6.
7. Con figur e  the ” AD” target system that was added by the component: 7.
a.Update the target system address.a.
b.Update cr edentials. b.
c.Test the c onnection. c.
An e xisting  Source of Pr ofiles  target can be used.
8.Run auto discovery to import user pr ofiles  into the Bravura Security Fabric  database. 8.
9.Verify the rule in table hid_authchain_select:9.
RuleNumber =120
Comment SAML authentic ation  chain
Proceed False
MatchType sessdata
MatchKey SAML_REQUEST
Ma t chCondition set
MatchValue <null>Action flush
ChainId SAML
Installing this component in stand-alone mode on a new instance will override all default authentic ation
chains, and may prevent non-SAML and console users from logging into Bravura Security Fabric. To avoid
this, c onfirm  that the hid_authchain_select table includes a valid chain for users authentic ating  without a
SAML_REQUEST before c ontinuing.
Component deployment
Installing Scenario.hid_saml_idp aut omatic ally  installs and c on figur es  the following:
▪Service provider directories  (on page 929) ▪
▪Plugin - Fedidp_assert.py  (on page 930) ▪
▪ Utility  - f edidp-util.e x e  (on page 930) ▪
▪ Authentic ation  chains  (on page 931) ▪
▪External database tables  (on page 933) ▪
▪Target system  (on page 935) ▪
Notes:
▪Installing this component will overwrite any target system using the system ID ” AD”. Ensure that your▪
environment is prepared before beginning ins t allation.
▪ Additional  c on figur ation  is required to: ▪
a.Set up appropriate login processes into Bravura Security Fabric  and; a.
b.Establish a trust r elationship  between each applic ation  and Bravura Security Fabric . b.
▪This component, alone, does not provide for single sign-on. Users are prompted to sign into Bravura ▪
Security Fabric  at every applic ation  login attemp t.
▪This component externalizes the login process from each c on figur ed  applic ation  to Bravura Security ▪
Fabric , but does not alter applic ation  logout processes.
Service provider directories
Installing this component adds an idp directory inside the instance directory. The idp directory contains
directories for the following pr e-c on figur ed  service providers:
▪adfs▪
▪azure▪
▪bambooHR▪
▪google▪
▪hcpa▪
▪salesforce▪
▪webex▪
▪youtrack▪Each directory contains a unique SAML XML template named saml-response.xml.
If your service provider is not included, add the service provider that is not pr e-c on figur ed  in Bravura
Security Fabric  (on page 948).
The SAML IdP (from version 11.0.0 upwards) is c ompatible  only with version 39.1.1 and higher of the
Webex Meetings  app. The browser version is still usable with IdP authentic ation.
Fedidp_assert.py
This plugin is installed by the SAML component framework to the plugin directory, and is responsible for
g ener ating  the SAML assertion  for authentic a t ed  users. This plugin is also responsible for g ener ating  the
single sign-on session data, in addition  to cr eating  and updating  the browser cookie to which the session
is associated.
f edidp-util.e x e
This utility  is installed by the SAML component framework to the util directory. F edidp-util  is used during
ins t allation  to generate the self-signed PFX certific a t e  used to securely sign SAML assertions,  and the IdP
metadata files,  which are used to report Bravura Security Fabric ’s IdP c apabilities  to service providers
that require it.
When installing through the component, this utility  generates the following files:
▪saml.pfx , used to sign SAML assertions,  and installed to plugin. ▪
▪public.cer , the public certific a t e  file that can be provided to end users’ w ork s t ations  to add the ▪
Bravura Security Fabric  instance as a trusted authority. This file is installed to the <instance> \idp\
directory.
▪idp-metadata , this file stores in f ormation  about the instance’s c apabilities  as an identity  provider. ▪
This file can be sent to the administrators of SPs and allows for the import of IdP metadata to help
c on figur e  the SP to connect to Bravura Security Fabric . This file is installed to the <instance> \idp\
directory.
If the value of BASE_IDSYNCH_URL is changed, replace the old server name with the new server name
in idp-metadata .
Read more about f edidp-util  usage
Use the fedidp-util  program to generate certific a t e  and metadata files used for cr eating  SAML
assertions.
Usage
fedidp-util.exe -makecert [-pfx <pfxfile> -pass <password> -cert-
subject <subject> -root-subject <subject> -years <years>]
fedidp-util.exe -metadata [-pfx <pfxfile> -pass <password> -]