Example process
Use case: Mobile device enrollment in vit ations  via email
This use case shows you how to c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to aut omatic ally  detect users without
enrolled mobile devices registered and send an email encouraging them to register.
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and the Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target has been c on figur ed. ▪
▪The email settings  within Bravura Security Fabric  have been c on figur ed. ▪
▪A Bravura One mobile proxy  is running and its corresponding service within Bravura Security Fabric  is ▪
c on figur ed.
▪A target system has been added as a source of pr ofiles  with individual email addresses. ▪
Create a batch notific ation
To create and c on figur e  a batch notific ation  for mobile device enrollment:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Policies > User notific ations  > Batch notific ations . 2.
3.Click Add new … to create a new batch notific ation.. 3.
4.Enter an ID and Description. 4.
5.Leave Severity set to Info. 5.
6.Select Mobile enrollment  as the plug-in to determine compliance. 6.7.Click Add. 7.
8.Click 
  next to Global email plug-in. 8.
9.Enter an email subject and mail message; reminding the user to register a mobile device. For9.
convenience, put the URL of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance as part of the message. You can use
Available variables  to personalize the message. For example:
Subject  Reminder: Mobile device enrollment
Mail Message  Hello %USERID%
You have not yet enrolled a mobile device. Please do so at your
earliest convenience.
http://localhost/default/
Thank you
%MGRID%
10. Click Update . 10.
11. Click on the Schedule tab. 11.
12. Con figur e  the settings  of the schedule as desired and then click Add. 12.Once the batch notific ation  has been created and properly c on figur ed  with a message and schedule,
Bravura Security Fabric  will aut omatic ally  begin sending emails according to the set schedule.
It is also possible to send an email immediately using the Run now button  on the notific ation’ s
schedule tab.
Use case: Install the Bravura One  app and register a pr ofile
This use case shows you how to install the Bravura One  app on a mobile device, and then register a pr ofile
with the app.
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and the Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target has been c on figur ed. ▪
▪A Bravura One mobile proxy  server is running and its corresponding service within Bravura Security ▪
Fabric  is c on figur ed.
▪A target system has been added as a source of pr ofiles  with individual email addresses. ▪
▪The user is an end user intending to use the publicly released version of the Bravura One  app. ▪
▪User self-service rules within the instance have been set to allow mobile r egis tr ation. ▪
Download and install the Bravura One  app
Before you install the Bravura One  app, ensure that your mobile device is c ompatible.  The Bravura One  app
is available for both Android (4.4 or higher) and iOS (9 or higher).
▪Open the app store on your device, either the Google Play Store or the Apple Store as appropriate.▪
▪Search for the Bravura One  app in the store using the search bar. ▪
▪Choose to install the applic ation. ▪
Register and activ e  a mobile device
To add the fir s t pr ofile  to your device:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  on a desktop browser as an end user. 1.
2.Click the Register mobile devices  link. 2.
3.Click the Register button  to display a QR code. 3.
4.On your mobile device open the Bravura One  app. 4.
5.Tap SKIP INSTRUCTIONS  and then the + button  on Android or the Register Device button  on iOS. 5.6.In the case of a device that already has a pr ofile  saved, add a new pr ofile: 6.
a.Tap the rocket icon.a.
b.Select the pr ofile  name at the top left of the main screen to access the pr ofile  list. b.
c.Select ADD SERVER . c.
d.Tap the + button  on Android or the Register Device  button  on iOS. d.7.Tap OK to allow Bravura One  to access the camera. 7.
8.Aim the device’s camera at the unobstructed QR code being displayed on the desktop monitor.8.
9.Once the code has been recognized, tap Save . 9.
10. Enter a Connection  pr ofile  name  and tap OK. 10.
11. The Bravura One mobile proxy  communicates back to the Mobile Worker Service on the Bravura 11.
Security Fabric  instance and authentic a t es  the activ ation  code.
12. The Bravura One  app passes in the userid of the registered user and opens the page for the user’s 12.
available authentic ation  methods to log in.
You can also use the menu at the top left of the main screen to switch between pr ofiles  on the device.
Use case: Self-service password reset
This use case explains how to use the Bravura One  app to reset a user’s password.
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and the Connector Pack are installed. ▪▪An Activ e  Directory target has been c on figur ed. ▪
▪A Bravura One mobile proxy  is running and its corresponding service within Bravura Security Fabric  is ▪
c on figur ed.
▪A target system has been added as a source of pr ofiles  with individual email addresses. ▪
▪A user has installed the Bravura One  app and registered a device to their pr ofile. ▪
To reset a user’s password from the Bravura One  app
1.Open the Bravura One  app. The ID of the user who activ a t ed  the mobile device is aut omatic ally  passed 1.
in.
2.If there are multiple  pr ofiles  registered to the device, tap the top left area and select the correct 2.
pr ofile.
3.If needed, tap the rocket icon to access the main menu.3.
4.Select Phone login  from the main menu. 4.
5.If multiple  authentic ation  chains exist, select the desired authentic ation  method from the choices 5.
presented.
6.Enter the authentic ation  in f ormation  as requested. 6.
The main login page of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance is displayed, similar to what would be on a
standard desktop browser.
7.Tap Change passwords . 7.
8.Tap Show [Password policy rules]  to view the password requirements. 8.
9.Type a new password and c on firm.  Make sure the password chosen fulfills  all requirements listed. 9.
10. Tap Change passwords . 10.
11. Turn your mobile device to landscape mode to view the entir e  Results table, including the Password 11.
changed?  column. Any failed password changes will be queued and retried.
Use case: Viewing stored passwords
The following example illustrates how end-users can view passwords they have stored in their personal
vault:
1.User : has access to an Internet c onnection.  He wants to login to a system to perform some tasks but 1.
does not remember his cr edentials.
2.User : launches the Bravura One  app on a mobile device. 2.
3.Bravura One  app: opens the page for the user’s available authentic ation  methods to log in. 3.
4.User : chooses one of the authentic ation  methods such as answering security questions  or providing a 4.
password.
5.Bravura One  app: authentic a t es  the user to Front-end (PSF). 5.
6.User : scrolls through the applic ation  and taps on the Personal vault link. 6.
7.User : selects a filt er  to find the account in. 7.
8.User : selects the account to view the details panel. 8.
9.User : clicks View button  to see available plugins for viewing the password. 9.10. User : clicks the disclosure button  to view the password. 10.
11. User : logs in to the system with the cr edentials  and performs his tasks. 11.
Use case: Privileged access check-out
The following example illustrates how end-users can check-out a password for a managed account:
1.User : is away from the network but has access to an Internet c onnection.  He wants to login to a 1.
managed system to perform some tasks but needs the administrator cr edentials.
2.User : launches the Bravura One  app on a mobile device. 2.
3.Bravura One  app: opens the page for the user’s available authentic ation  methods to log in. 3.
4.User : chooses one of the authentic ation  methods such as answering security questions  or providing a 4.
password.
5.Bravura One  app: authentic a t es  the user to Front-end (PSF). 5.
6.User : scrolls through the applic ation  and taps on the Privileged access  link. 6.
7.User : selects the type of privileged access to request. 7.
8.User : selects a managed account to request access for. 8.
9.User : specifies  a recipient, check-out/check-in time,  emails for recipients and submits the request. 9.
10. Authorizer : reviews and approves the request. 10.
11. Bravura Security Fabric  server : processes the request. 11.
12. User : goes back to the Front-end (PSF) and clicks the Your privileged access request has been 12.
approved.  link.
13. Bravura One  app: navigates the user to the approved request in the Privileged access applic ation. 13.
14. User : clicks Check out  button  to check out the account access. 14.
15. User : clicks View button  to view the managed account password. 15.
16. User : logs in to the managed system with the cr edentials  and performs his tasks. 16.
17. User : clicks Check in  when he is finished  accessing the managed system. 17.
Use case: View recorded session
The following example illustrates how end-users can view a recorded session of a user’s check-out:
1.User : is away from the network but has access to an Internet c onnection.  He wants to quickly check 1.
the data captured for a specific  session.
2.User : launches the Bravura One  app on a mobile device. 2.
3.Bravura One  app: opens the page for the user’s available authentic ation  methods to log in. 3.
4.User : chooses one of the authentic ation  methods such as answering security questions  or providing a 4.
password.
5.Bravura One  app: authentic a t es  the user to Front-end (PSF). 5.
6.User : scrolls through the applic ation  and taps on the Session monitor link. 6.
7.User : makes a request to search a specific  set of sessions. 7.8.Authorizer : reviews and approves the request to search sessions. 8.
9.User : finds  the session and selects it to view more details. 9.
10. User : makes a request to view the session. 10.
11. Authorizer : reviews and approves the request to view the session. 11.
12. User : selects the session again, a View button  is now available. 12.
13. User : clicks View button  to view the captured data from the session. 13.
Use case: Request authoriz ation  w orkflo w
The following example illustrates how an authorizer can review and approve a request:
1.Authorizer : launches the Bravura One  app from their mobile device and logs in. 1.
2.Authorizer : clicks on the link to review their open requests. 2.
3.Authorizer : may optionally  click on other Requests menu options  to access and search request pages 3.
such as Activ e,  Recent, All , etc, in addition  to Pending my approval .
4.Authorizer : chooses or searches for an open request. 4.
5.Authorizer : clicks on the Approve button  to approve the request (they may also optionally  reject, 5.
update, or delegate the request).
6.Bravura Security Fabric  server : processes the request. 6.
Use case: Tracking requests
The following example illustrates how a user can review their own requests:
1.User : launches the Bravura One  app from their mobile device and logs in. 1.
2.User : clicks on the link to review their open requests. 2.
3.User : may optionally  click on other Requests menu options  to access and search request pages such 3.
as Activ e,  Recent, All , etc, in addition  to My activ e  requests .
4.User : chooses or searches for an open request. 4.
5.User : views an open request and may optionally  update or cancel the request. 5.
Use case: Downloading a contact record
The following example illustrates how a user can download a user pr ofile  as a vCard and import the
contact record into the nativ e  contacts list for Android or iOS mobile devices.
1.User : launches the Bravura One  app from their mobile device and logs in. 1.
2.User : clicks on the View and update pr ofile  link under the Other users  section. 2.
3.User : chooses or searches for a user that has the vCard pr ofile  attribut es  filled  in for them. 3.
4.User : scrolls down to the bottom  of the Pr ofile  in f ormation  and resources  page for the selected user. 4.
5.User : clicks on the Add to contacts  link. 5.
6.User : clicks OK for the c on firmation  prompt that the contact has been added. 6.
7.User : opens the mobile device’s Contacts list and searches for the user. 7.