1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as ABBIEL. 1.
2.Click Attach  other accounts . 2.
3.Enter adm  and the current password in the Account  and Password  fields. 3.
4.Click Attach . 4.
5. Con firm  that adm  has been added to attached  accounts and the proper Linux target is specified. 5.
6.Return to the main user page by clicking the Home  icon. 6.
7.Click Change passwords . 7.
8.Enter a new password and c on firm.  Click Change passwords  to proceed. 8.
9.Verify that both passwords on the AD and Linux target are changed.9.
10. Log into Linux as adm to c on firm  that the password has been changed. 10.
Detach account
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as the help desk user. 1.
2.Click Help users . 2.
3.Find and select ABBIEL . 3.
4.Click Skip authentic ation  when prompted for a security question. 4.
5.Click the Attach  other accounts  tab. 5.
6.Click the checkbox next to adm  to detach the account. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.
8. Con firm  that adm is no longer attached  to ABBIEL. 8.
Lab: Attach  account - advanced
This scenario demonstrates the attachmen t  of an account from the Linux system to an e xisting  Activ e
Directory account using the PSL advanced mode. The account will then be detached by the help desk
user to reset.
Configur ation
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Navigate to Manage the system > Modules > Attach  other accounts (PSL) . 2.
3.Ensure that PSL ENABLED  is enabled. 3.
4.Set PSL SIMPLIFIED  to disabled. 4.
5.Click Update . 5.
Method of Use
This example demonstrates using the advanced mode to attach  the same adm account to ABBIEL.
Attach  in advanced mode
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as ABBIEL . 1.2.Click Attach  other accounts . 2.
3. Notice  that the Linux target is now specified.  Enter adm  and the password into the Account  and 3.
Password  fields  for the Linux target row.
4.Click Update . 4.
5. Con firm  that adm has been added to attached  accounts and the proper Linux target is specified. 5.
6.Return to the main user page by clicking the Home  icon. 6.
7.Click Change passwords . 7.
8.Enter a new password and c on firm.  Click Change passwords  to proceed. 8.
9.Verify that both passwords on the AD and Linux target are changed.9.
10. Log into Linux as adm to c on firm  that the password has been changed. 10.
Detach account
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as the help desk user. 1.
2.Click Help users . 2.
3.Find and select ABBIEL.3.
4.Click Skip authentic ation  when prompted for a security question. 4.
5.Click the Attach  other accounts  tab. 5.
6.Click the checkbox next to adm  to detach the account. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.
8. Con firm  that adm is no longer attached  to ABBIEL. 8.
Lab: Attach  account as a help desk user
In this scenario, the help desk user attaches  the adm account to abbiel. The account will remain attached
for the following example.
Attach  account
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as the help desk user. 1.
2.Click Help users . 2.
3.Find and select ABBIEL . 3.
4.Click Skip authentic ation  when prompted for a security question. 4.
5.Click the Attach  other accounts  tab. 5.
6.Enter adm  in the Account field  for the Linux target row. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.
8. Con firm  that adm is now attached  to ABBIEL. 8.
Lab: Account attachmen t  when account is already assigned
In this scenario, there is an attemp t  to attach  the adm account to user ADAMC while it has already been
attached  to ABBIEL.Attemp t  to attach  an assigned account
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as ADAMC . 1.
2.Click Attach  other accounts . 2.
3.Enter adm  and the password in the Account  and Password  fields  for the Linux target row. 3.
4.Click Update . 4.
5.Verify that the attemp t  to attach  the account fails with the following message: 5.
Account adm on Linux is already attached  to someone else.
Group memberships
Most systems support the concept of groups. In its most basic form, a group is a c ollection  of accounts
and possibly other groups. Access privileges for accounts are often  determined by their memberships in
one or more groups.
During auto discovery , Bravura Security Fabric  connectors list memberships in managed groups . If you
want Bravura Security Fabric  to extract group memberships, you must fir s t select the groups that you
want Bravura Security Fabric  to manage.
By default, managed group membership is listed during auto discovery . You can disable this listing
oper ation  can by disabling the List groups option  on the Target system in f ormation  page. This can be
done to improve the performance of listing  oper ations.  However, disabling the List groups  option  does
not remove any e xisting  managed groups; groups must be manually unmanaged.
If any of a user’s accounts are listed as belonging to a managed group, this r elationship  is stored in the
user’s pr ofile.  Bravura Security Fabric  also updates user pr ofiles  with changes to group memberships that
are made from within Bravura Security Fabric .
(on page 585)
Account attribut es
The term account attribut es  refers to the attribut es  of user accounts on target systems. For example,
most systems store the “fir s t  name” and “last name” of the end users that own the accounts. Other
examples of attribut es  include access controls, home drives, last logon times,  account and password
expiry times.
To list attribut es  for accounts on a particular  target system during auto discovery , the List attribut es  setting
must be enabled for the target system. By default, this setting  is enabled, only lists account attribut es
that are mapped to pr ofile  and request attribut es,  and loads all attribut es  as single-valued. You can
override the behavior for individual account attribut es  (on page 566).
Attribut e  lists can be very large. Bravura Security Fabric  supports incremental, or diff er ential,  listing  on
some target system types, such as LDAP and Activ e  Directory. For these targets, once the initial  discovery
has been run, Bravura Security Fabric  generates an incremental list on subsequent runs of auto discovery .
You can generate a full list during the next auto discovery  by clicking Generate full list on the Target
system in f ormation  page. You must c on firm  your request before the change takes e ff ect.Bravura Security Fabric  keeps a “catalog” of supported attribut es  for each target type. Some target
systems support dozens of attribut es,  while other systems do not provide a default method for Bravura
Security Fabric  to list attribut es.  Among other things, this cataloger controls which of the listed attribut es
should be loaded into the Bravura Security Fabric  database during auto discovery .
See also: 
See more in f ormation  about Account  (on page 566)  attribut es  (on page 566).
Example: Loading SSH public keys in pr ofiles
Depending on the target system type, you can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to aut omatic ally  load
users’ SSH public keys in their pr ofiles.
See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  to determine which connectors have the option  to enable SSH
key discovery.
Only valid SSH public keys files on servers are loaded when running auto discovery. A SSH public key file
must be less than the maximum file size to parse (default is 100,000 KB) and it must be in OpenSSH
format in order to be valid.
By default, the public_keys attribut e  is mapped to the built-in ssh_public_keys pr ofile  and request
attribut e.
To enable users to view and update their SSH public keys in their pr ofile:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Attribut e  groups 1.
2.Select the SSH_PUBLIC_ATTRS attribut e  group 2.
3.Click Display criteria tab 3.
4.Select ’Main’ or ’Subsidiary’ for Display type 4.
5.Click Update 5.
For security reasons, Bravura Security Fabric does not support modifying SSH public keys on the target
system if updated from the user’s profile.
Pr ofile  attribut es
The term profile  and request attribut es  refers to the attribut es  of Bravura Security Fabric  user objects.
In f ormation  for e xisting  users is often  built by auto discovery , which loads account attribut e  in f ormation
into mapped pr ofile  and request attribut es.  Pr ofile  and request attribut e  in f ormation  can also be built by:
▪A plugin that aut omatic ally  collects and/or validates in f ormation. ▪
▪Users who enter the in f ormation  when r equesting  accounts for themselves or others. ▪
▪Users who update the in f ormation  for themselves or others. ▪
▪Automated user adminis tr ation. ▪Force users to update pr ofile  in f ormation
You can force users to update pr ofile  in f ormation  as part of the enrollment process. You can c on figur e
this individually for each pr ofile  and request attribut e.
To force users to update their pr ofile  in f ormation:
1.For each attribut e  for which you require users to provide values, set the Minimum required number 1.
of values to 1 or greater.
See more in f ormation  on de fining  pr ofile  and request attribut es  (on page 1270).
2.Add the attribut e  to the BASE_ATTRIBUTES attribut e  group. 2.
See more in f ormation  on attribut e  groups  (on page 1304).
3. Con figur e  the Front-end  to redirect users to the View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module if they have not 3.
provided values for required attribut es.
To do this, include the idr value in PSF FORCE ENROLLMENT . See also Enforced enrollment  (on page
1183).
Access controls
Users’ access in Bravura Security Fabric  is controlled by their permissions and c apabilities :
▪Permissions are the rules that determine whether users can access certain objects, such as pr ofile  and ▪
request attribut es  or Bravura Privilege  managed system policies.
▪ Capabilities  are the tasks that individual users are permitted  to perform in Bravura Security Fabric . ▪
Access controls a ff ect  API users as well as normal users.
There are many ways to assign access controls in Bravura Security Fabric . Refer to:
▪ Attribut e  groups  (on page 1304) to learn how to assign permissions to users. ▪
▪User types and access rules  (on page 671) to learn how to assign product administrator  and authorizer ▪
c apabilities  to users.
▪ Authoriz ation  w orkflo w  options  (on page 1340) for more in f ormation  about how access controls can ▪
be assigned to users dynamically.
There are also ways to filt er  access without c on figuring  users’ access controls. Refer to:
▪Resource filt ering  (on page 2354) for more in f ormation  about filt ering  objects available to users. ▪
▪Plugins for more in f ormation  about r es tricting  the oper ations  that end users can request. ▪
OrgChart data
In general, or g aniz ational  chart data represents how authority and responsibility is distributed within an
or g aniz ation.  Bravura Security Fabric  can store OrgChart data for each user, including who that user
reports to, and who that user’s subordinates are.
Bravura Security Fabric  implements OrgChart data by examining users’ pr ofile  and request attribut es  to
determine their primary managers. If a suitable ”manager” attribut e  exists on a target system, Bravura
Security Fabric  can import pr e-e xisting  OrgChart data during auto discovery .You can also leverage Bravura Security Fabric 's user interface to build upon or maintain OrgChart data, or
to build an OrgChart from scratch.
Security question  data
Bravura Security Fabric  allows you to de fine  multiple  question  sets  (on page 1024) that can be used in a
variety of ways: to gather in f ormation  from users, to authentic a t e  users when they attemp t  to log into
Bravura Security Fabric  , or to authentic a t e  callers when they ask the help desk for assistance.
Users can add security questions,  or just the answers to pr e-de fined  questions,  to their pr ofiles  in one of
two ways:
▪For themselves, using the Update security questions  (PSQ) module ▪
▪Assisted by a help desk user , using the Help users  (IDA) module ▪
Additionally  a plugin program can be c on figur ed  to de fine  users’ questions,  answers, or both in an
external source.
Forcing users to complete security questions
When the PSF FORCE ENROLLMENT setting  (on page 1183) includes the psq value (default), users are
redirected to the Update security questions  (PSQ) module to complete their security question  pr ofile  when
they login. This is useful during the enrollment phase in particular .  If the psq value is removed from PSF
FORCE ENROLLMENT , then this setting  is disabled.
Inventory items
Bravura Security Fabric  can track and manage inventory items, such as hardware tokens and office
equipment. Inventory is assigned to users in the following ways:
▪In batches using the manageinv  (on page 3613)  program ▪
▪Using Bravura Identity ’s inventory provisioning process ▪
Roles
Roles provide a way of assigning requirements for a set of users. They are a part of a role-based access
control system, along with segr eg ation  of duties  rules.
Roles can be assigned to users via authoriz ation  w orkflo w ,  or in batches using the userrole  (on page
3638) program.
Forcing users to activ a t e  a mobile device
You can force users to register and activ a t e  a mobile device as part of the enrollment process. Users are
redirected to the Mobile devices page when forced enrollment for mobile devices has been enabled.
To force users to activ a t e  a mobile device:
▪Ensure that the Bravura Security Fabric  and Bravura One  proxy servers have been c on figur ed  for ▪
Bravura One .See the Mobile access  (on page 1444) for more in f ormation  about how to c on figur e  the servers for
Bravura One .
▪Add the mobiledevice value to PSF FORCE ENROLLMENT  (on page 1183). ▪
▪Ensure that a self-service rule has been c on figur ed  so that the users have the ”Manage mobile ▪
devices” privilege. This may be c on figur ed  either for a new self-service rule or ALL_SELF_REQUEST for
all users.
Filtering users and accounts
Bravura Security Fabric  uses ID filt ers  to include or exclude users (pr ofile  IDs) and accounts (long IDs)
from a target system. The filt er s  are applied during the auto discovery  process when accounts are
imported.
For example, c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to filt er  IDs if:
▪You want to prevent Bravura Security Fabric  from cr eating  pr ofiles  for certain adminis tr ativ e  accounts. ▪
▪The total number of pr ofile  IDs exceeds the number of users you are licensed for. ▪
▪You want to prevent users from attaching  accounts that are used for specific  purposes on a system. ▪
For example, you may want to prevent users from attaching  an nt_guest  account on a Windows NT
system.
▪You want to prevent Bravura Identity  from cr eating  users and accounts with certain IDs. ▪
Default behavior is a ff ect ed  by the Use ID filt er s  to include only certain users and accounts checkbox,
located on the Target system in f ormation  page .
When the Use ID filt er s  to include only certain users and accounts option  is:
▪Not selected – Bravura Security Fabric  imports all IDs except those that have been explicitly excluded ▪
by an ID filt er .
▪Selected – No accounts are imported. You must set up an ID filt er  to explicitly include certain IDs. ▪
Use the Manage ID filt er s  page to identif y  account IDs that you want or don’t want managed by Bravura
Security Fabric  , or to be included or excluded from a source of pr ofile  IDs.
When filt ering  on target systems, you use the Include in system option  to create an inclusion or exclusion
list.
▪An ID is “excluded” if it matches a P attern  on the Manage ID filt ers  page and the corresponding ▪
Include in system checkbox is not selected.
Bravura Identity  prevents users from cr eating  accounts with an ID that matches an excluded ID
pattern.▪An ID is “included” if it matches a P attern  on the Manage ID filt ers  page and the corresponding ▪
Include in system checkbox is selected.
When filt ering  on pr ofile  IDs, the Include in system option  does not apply. If Use ID filt er s  to include only
certain users and accounts is selected for a target system, then the filt er  acts as inclusion list. If the
setting  is not selected, then the filt er  acts as an exclusion list.
See also: 
You can also use a script to import a list of IDs to filt er  (on page 559).
Including and excluding accounts
To include or exclude users or accounts:
1.Click Maintenance >  Auto discovery > Manage ID filt er s . 1.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Manage ID filt er s  page.
2.In the P attern  field,  type an ID or a regular expression that represents the users or accounts you want 2.
to include or exclude. .
Bravura Security Fabric preserves the case of account IDs; however, all profile  IDs are treated as c ase-
insensitive.
3.Select Regular expression if the pattern  is a regular expression. Otherwise, Bravura Security Fabric  will 3.
treat the pattern  as an exact ID.
4.Select Include in system if the filt er  should include matching account IDs. 4.
5.If the Include in system option  is not selected, the matching IDs are always excluded. 5.
6.Select a Filter on item to run the filt er  on all target systems, a single target system, or pr ofile  IDs. 6.
Filters on ”(All target systems)” includes ”(Profile  ID)”. This means the filt er  will match all account IDs
as well as Bravura Security Fabric Profile  IDs.
7.Click Update . 7.
The following are examples for filt ering  users and accounts:
1.To exclude all accounts s t arting  with _service from an Activ e  Directory target system: 1.
P attern ^_service
Regular expression selected
Include in system deselected
Filter on ADDOMAIN
2.To include the pr ofile  ID JANED from a target system with the Use ID filt er s  to include only certain 2.
users and accounts checkbox selected:
P attern janed
Regular expression deselected
Include in system selectedFilter on (Profile ID)
T esting  filt er  rules
Use the Test button  to test whether an ID will be imported to Bravura Security Fabric  based on the rules
you have applied. You can test whether:
▪An account will be imported from a particular  target system ▪
▪An account ID will be included as a pr ofile  ID ▪
To test your filt er  rules:
1.On the Manage ID filt er s  page, type an ID in the Pr ofile  ID/Account field. 1.
2.Select ”(Pr ofile  ID)” from the Test on drop-down list if you want to test whether the ID will be included 2.
as a pr ofile  ID.
or
3.Select a target ID from the Test on drop-down list if you want to test whether the ID will be imported 3.
from the selected target system.
4.Click Test. 4.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the results at the top of the page.
Using a script to import IDs to filt er
You can use a script to import IDs that you want to filt er  from the Bravura Security Fabric  database. A
sample Python script, idfilter_import.py , is provided in the samples directory. If you cannot find
the sample file, try re-running setup to modify your ins t allation.  Sample files are aut omatic ally
installed only with complete ins t allations.  You can select them in custom ins t allations.
The script requires a file listing  IDs, one per line, that are to be filt er ed  out.
Run the script from a Bravura Security Fabric  command prompt with elevated privileges:
python idfilter_import.py -r <filename> | --file_name <filename> 
For example:
python idfilter_import.py -r users.rem 
After  running the script, the IDs listed in the file should be listed in the Manage ID filt er s  page.
See also: 
You can also set a user filt er  plugin or a user list g ener ation  plugin  (on page 1049) to filt er  the users that a
logged-in user can manage.
Enabling and disabling users
User pr ofiles  can be:Locked/Unlocked Lock oper ations  happen aut omatic ally  after  too many failed authentic ation
attemp ts.  Pr ofiles  can be unlocked by help desk users.
Disabled/Enabled Disabling a pr ofile  completely disables users’ access to Bravura Security Fabric  ,
and terminates any single sign-on sessions activ e  for that user. For example, you
could disable a pr ofile  to revoke access for an employee whose contract is being
terminated. Disabled pr ofiles  can be enabled if required.
Enabling or disabling a user’s profile  does not aff ect  their accounts.
Disabling a user aut omatic ally  revokes access to any privileged accounts that they have checked out.
The userunlock  (on page 3640) utility  can be used to unlock a profile  of a user that has locked themselves
out. This utility  will not enable a user that has been explicitly disabled.
You can explicitly enable/disable or unlock a user’s pr ofile  using the:
▪ Pr ofile  status tab of the Help users  (IDA) module. ▪
▪Manage the system  > Security > Access to product features  > Individual administrators  page if the ▪
user is also a product administrator .
Only users with accounts can be managed in the Help users  (IDA) module. To disable a user with console-
only access you must use the Manage the system  (PSA) module.
Disabled and locked-out users cannot access any Bravura Security Fabric functionality ,  regardless of
whether they were disabled using the Help users  (IDA) module, Manage the system  (PSA) module, or locked-
out after  too many failed authentic ation  attemp ts.
You can also include enable/disable oper ations  in pr e-de fined  requests.
Tracking user pr ofile  history
Bravura Security Fabric  can track changes to user pr ofiles  to create a per-user history of events for each
user. The following can be tracked and included in pr ofile  history:
▪Accounts on target systems▪
▪Managed group memberships▪
▪Account attribut es ▪
▪ Pr ofile  and request attribut es ▪
▪Role memberships▪
Only resources that have been c on figur ed  to track changes are available in the user pr ofile  history. You
must enable the tracking on a per-resource basis. Roles are enabled for tracking by default.
To enable tracking, use the:
▪Track account changes option  on the Target system in f ormation  page  (on page 494) ▪
▪Track changes to membership in this group option  on the Managed group in f ormation  page  (on page ▪
590).
▪Track changes to this account attribut e  option  on the Account attribut e  c on figur ation  page  (on page ▪
572).