▪ Submitting  c on figur ation  reviews ▪
On the Start certific ation  campaign page for a c on figur ation  review:
1.Click the Submit tab on the c on figur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.In the Notific ation  details section: 2.
a.Type the Certific ation  campaign description , to be displayed to reviewers. a.
b.Review the Segment description , if applicable (for certific ation  by c on figur ation  reviewers). b.
c.Review the Email . c.
If you want to edit the notific ation  details for this campaign, select the ”Other” radio button  and
type the message. Hover your cursor over the question  mark to see variables you can include.
The values will be inserted in the actual notific ation  message.
3.Review the Con figur ations  section,  including the: 3.
▪ Con figur ations  to be reviewed ▪
▪Review method▪
If the review method is Certific ation  by c on figur ation  authorizers , there is an option  to
Consolidate reviews for same reviewer . It is selected by default, so that all segments that have
the same reviewer will be combined into one segment.
4.Click:4.
▪Save to save the c on figur ation  before s t arting  or scheduling a campaign. ▪
Continue  to Saving a certific ation  setup  (on page 2633).
▪Schedule to schedule a previously saved c on figur ation. ▪
▪Launch campaign to start a campaign without saving. ▪
Click Start new campaign .Save a certific ation  setup
You can save a certific ation  setup once you have reviewed changes and de fined  notific ation  details  (on
page 2627). On the Save certific ation  setup  page:1.If the current setup is based on a previously saved certific ation  setup that you don’t want to 1.
overwrite, click Save new...
2.Type an ID and Description  for the setup. 2.
3.Make the setup Shareable if you want to allow other users to use it. 3.
▪A shared certific ation  setup can be used by other users but it can not be o v er written. ▪
▪Only the creator of a shared certific ation  setup can delete it. ▪
▪Users with the Initia t e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns privilege can use a shared certific ation ▪
setup only if the certific ation  method is single reviewer.
▪A setup cannot be shared if it uses a saved search. ▪
4.Click:4.
▪Save to take no further action  at the moment. ▪
▪Save and schedule campaign to schedule campaigns to start later. ▪
▪Save and launch campaign to start a campaign immediately. ▪
i.If you selected OrgChart reviewers for an entitlemen t  campaign, schedule OrgChart manager i.
notific ation  emails
If you chose OrgChart managers, c on figur e  the Number of days to wait between sending out
in vit ation  emails to each level of the OrgChart before s t arting  a campaign.
Bravura Security Fabric  uses notific ation  campaigns to stagger the emails it sends to managers
based on their level in the OrgChart . The default interval is determined by the CERT EMAIL
INTERVAL .
1.Click 
 to see the notific ation  schedule. 1.
2.Select a date in at least one date field.  To select a date click on the date field  and type a date 2.
or choose a date with the calendar.3.If you have left fields  blank, click Calculate to aut omatic ally  populate other date fields  based 3.
on the Number of days to wait between sending out in vit ation  emails to each level of the
OrgChart .
In the notific ation  list, the level 0 represents the top level manager for the campaign, not
necessarily the CEO or top-level manager in your organiz ation.
.
ii.Click Start new campaign . ii.
Schedule a certific ation  campaign
You can schedule certific ation  campaigns once you have reviewed and saved the c on figur ation.  To
schedule certific ation  campaigns, on the Schedule certific ation  campaign page:
1. Con figur e  settings  as listed in Table Scheduling a certific ation  campaign  (on page 2635). 1.
If JavaScript is enabled, options  are shown or hidden depending on the Repeat type .
2.Click Schedule . 2.
In a multi-ser v er  environment, a certific ation  campaign can only be scheduled on one server.
Scheduled certific ation  campaign settingsOption Description
Job ID Update the ID for this scheduled certific ation,  if necessary.
Email address to send scheduled
certific ation  warnings toType an email address to receive notific ations  of problems with scheduled
certific ations.  If not specified  the RECIPIENT EMAIL address is used.
Enabled Use this to turn on the scheduled certific ation.
Repeat type Select the frequency of the scheduled job using the drop-down list.
Depending on the repeat type, set scheduling options:
▪Run once – you must select a Date and time  to run this job. ▪
▪Daily – you must select which Days to run this job by selecting  either ▪
Every day or Only on weekdays .
▪Weekly – you must Choose the days of the week to perform this task . ▪
▪Monthly – you must Choose the days of the month to perform this task ▪
and Choose which months to perform this task . All months are selected
by default.
▪Quarterly – The task is started every three months after  the initial  run. ▪
▪Semi-Annually – A new round is started every six months after  the initial ▪
run.
▪Annually – A new round is started every twelve months after  the initial ▪
run.
Period mode For jobs that are repeated quarterly, semi-annually, and annually, choose
either:
▪Start date - then Period start date and time ▪
▪Month/week/day - then select the fir s t month, week of the month, and ▪
day of the week to perform the task.
The Choose the firs t month to perform this task  setting  is based
on the current calendar year. For example if you set the firs t month
for a quarterly job to January, and the current month is February,
the task will start in April.
Date and time  to run / Time to run All scheduled jobs time  to run is local to the server that runs the job. Except
for jobs that are run once, the default time  to run is set by Manage the
system  > Modules > Options  > DEFAULT SCHEDULED TIME .
Last day of the month For monthly to annual schedules, use this setting  to avoid missed run times.
For example, if you schedule a job quarterly, with a start date of August 31,
the next run time  after  August 31 would be November 31, which does not
exist. With this setting  enabled, the next round would start on the last day
of the month, November 30.Option Description
Job time  range Specify if you want your job to always run, to run for a specific  length of
time,  or for a specific  number of it er ations  by selecting  one of the following
from the drop-down list:
▪Always run – Scheduled job always runs as specified. ▪
▪From specified  start date to end date – Click the da t e/time  fields  to ▪
select a date and hour for the Start date and End date . To edit the
minutes enter a time  in the HH:MM format.
▪For number of it er ations  from specified  start date – Click the da t e/time ▪
field  to choose select a date and hour for the Start date . To edit the
minutes enter a time  in the HH:MM format. Specify a Number
ofit er ations  to run . Your job will only run for the number of it er ations
you enter here.
Con figur ation  notes
About late binding
If a saved certific ation  setup includes all entitlemen ts  or c on figur ations  of a type, Bravura Security Fabric
includes all entitlemen ts  or c on figur ations  found at the time  the certific ation  campaign is started, rather
than when the setup is saved.
The following example illustrates:
1.Two roles are listed in the Bravura Security Fabric  database. 1.2.A product administrator  c on figur es  a c on figur ation  certific ation  round to start the following day, and 2.
clicks All to select all roles.
3.The product administrator  saves the certific ation  setup. 3.
4.A new role is created in the mean time. 4.
5.When the campaign starts, it includes all three roles currently listed in the database.5.
If the certific ation  method is by entitlemen t  or c on figur ation  authorizers, Bravura Security Fabric  tries to
find authorizers for newly added entitlemen ts  or c on figur ations.  If an authorizer is not found then the
saved certific ation  setup is rendered invalid. The scheduled job is still executed by the Scheduler Service
(psscheduler) (and considered finished)  but since the certific ation  setup has become invalid, no
certific ation  campaign is initia t ed.Certific ation  options
Read this chapter to learn how to:
▪ Con figur e  options  to control certific ation  processes ▪
▪Edit the certific ation  sign-off  statement ▪
Con figur e  certific ation  module options
You can control global options  for the access certific ation  process by c on figuring  the Manage certific ation
process  (CERT) module. Users with appropriate permissions use the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT)
module to view, c on figur e,  and start access certific ation  campaigns.
The following general options  are available at Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage certific ation
process  (CERT) :
Modules > Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) options
Option Description
CERT ATTRIBUTE CERTIFIER Type the ID of the resource attribut e  to control whether the resource
reviewer should be selected randomly from the resource’s set of
authorizers or supplied by a plugin program.
CERT ATTRIBUTE GROUP CERT Type the ID of the resource attribut e  to control whether managed groups
can be certified  even if the parent target system is not allowed in the
certific ation  process. This resource attribut e  should be set per target
system.
Alt ernativ ely ,  enable CERT OVERRIDE TARGET CERT ENABLED FOR GROUPS
to allow managed account groups on all target systems to be selectable
when s t arting  a certific ation  campaign.
CERT CONFIG VALIDITY INTERVAL The c on figur ations  being certified  are valid for this many days after  the
certific ation  has finished.  The default is 30 days.
If a new certific ation  campaign is started within this time  frame, the
c on figur ations  certified  in the previous campaign are identified  as certified.
Con figur ations  that are identified  as certified  can be optionally  r e-certified
to extend their validity.
CERT CONSISTENCY ATTRIBUTE
GROUPThe attribut e  group that collects users into peer groups. This can be
modified  for individual campaigns.
CERT CONSISTENCY CALCULATION Enable/Disable consistency c alculations.  If enabled, consistency c alculations
can be c on figur ed  when a campaign is initia t ed.  If disabled, the options  do
not appear when initiating  a campaign, and consistency c alculations  are
turned off for activ e  campaigns.
CERT CONSISTENCY MINIMUM The minimum size of a user peer group.
If a peer group has fewer members than this, their entitlemen t  consistency
will not be calculated. Instead, a help 
 icon will be displayed in the
consistency column for these users in the review.Option Description
CERT CONSISTENCY USERS LOWER
THRESHOLDEntitlemen ts  are considered out -of -pattern  if fewer than this percentage of
users in a peer group share it.
CERT CONSISTENCY USERS UPPER
THRESHOLDEntitlemen ts  are considered in-pattern  if at least this percentage of users in
a peer group share it.
CERT DEFAULT CERTIFIER Type the user ID to be the default resource reviewer when the resource has
no authorizer.
CERT DELEGATION PLUGIN Type the name of the plugin that would supply the reviewer and delegates
for a certific ation  segment.
CERT EMAIL CANCELLATION
ESCALATESEnable or disable this option  to determine whether emails of campaign
c ancellation  are sent to escalated reviewers.
CERT EMAIL INTERVAL The time,  in days, between sending out emails to managers in each level of
the OrgChart to invite them to certif y  their subordinates.
CERT ENFORCE NO WARNINGS The reviewer can not sign off a c on figur ation  certific ation  segment until  all
the warnings are resolved (for example, the c on figur ation  is missing
authorizers). Disable this option  to remove this enforcement.
CERT HIDE REQ ROLE MEMBERS Hide required role members from reviewers, except when reviewing
segr eg ation  of duties  rules violations.
CERT MAX DELEG ALLOWED The maximum number of group owners to assign as delegates to review.
The default is 50.
CERT MAX ROUND CALCULATION
TIMEThe maximum c alculation  time,  in seconds, of new certific ation  campaigns.
After  this amount of time  passes, product administrators can cancel an
activ e  certific ation  campaign. This delay prevents issues caused by
canceling a campaign while it is still c alculating.  The value must be between
60 and 86400 and defaults to 3600.
CERT OVERRIDE TARGET CERT
ENABLED FOR GROUPSEnable this option  to allow all managed groups to be selectable when
s t arting  a certific ation  campaign, regardless of whether the parent target
system is allowed in the certific ation  process.
Alt ernativ ely  you can apply an override to individual target systems by
c on figuring  a resource attribut e  identified  by CERT ATTRIBUTE GROUP CERT.
CERT PROMPT PASSWORD Enable or disable this option  to determine whether reviewers must enter a
password to sign off a certific ation  review by default. Certific ation  campaign
initia t or s  can override the default when initiating  a campaign.
CERT REQUIRES COMMENT TO
CERTIFYEnable this option  to force reviewers to provide a reason when certif ying  an
item.
CERT REQUIRES COMMENT TO
REVOKEEnable this option  to force reviewers to provide a reason when revoking an
item.
CERT REVOKE CASCADING Enable or disable this option  to control whether aut omatic  cascading of
revokes should occur. If the system variable is enabled, when a parent
entitlemen t  is revoked in certific ation,  all the children entitlemen ts  are
marked as revoked and appear in the sign off summary as being marked for
r e v oc ation.  If it is set to disabled, then the aut omatic  cascading of revokes
is disabled.