esc alation  hotkey key Set the letter  key for the esc alation  hotkey. When used with the esc alation  hotkey
modifier ,  the esc alation  sequence is inserted.See Inserting  an esc alation  sequence  (on
page 1962) for more details.
esc alation  hotkey
modifierSet the modifier  for the esc alation  hotkey. There are three options:  ’Ctrl’, ’ Alt’,
and ’Middle click’. When used with the esc alation  hotkey key, the esc alation  sequence
is inserted. See Inserting  an esc alation  sequence  (on page 1962) for more details.
esc alation  sequence The text to aut omatic ally  type into the applic ation.
esc alation  window
nameIf this window name is detected, the esc alation  sequence is inserted into the program.
See Inserting  an esc alation  sequence  (on page 1962) for more details.
host The IP or DNS of server. See Domain and host values  (on page 1966) for further
in f ormation  about using an alt ernativ e  attribut e  value.
impersonate Set the imper sonation  level of the process. This is set to ’none’ by default. See
Imper sonating  the checked-out account  (on page 1962) for more details.
program External program (including full path) to execute.
window If true, the command is executed within a display window. If false, the command is
executed without a display window.
Arguments attribut e
The arguments provide sub stitution  of the password, user name, host, and other custom plugin
attribut es.  The sub stitutions  are as follows:
value %host%
replacement The domain managed system member is on, without any optional  parameters.
value %username%
replacement The account ID for the privileged password being disclosed.
value %password%
replacement The password being disclosed.
value %<custom attribute>%
replacement If there is a “custom attribut e”  de fined  for the plugin, the value of the attribut e
is used.
Using custom attribut es  provides control over the arguments attribut e.  You can enable the user to
override on the custom attribut e  only and leave the arguments locked or hidden.
pswxcmd examples
The following illustrate examples of cus t omiz ations  using the pswxcmd access disclosure plugin.
Allowing optional  arguments
The default settings  for pswxcmd execute PuTTY and connect using the privileged password. This
example shows how you can add a custom attribut e  to allow the user to specify the port:
1.Create an attribut e  named port with the following settings: 1.▪Integer type▪
▪Allow the port attribut e  to be overridden by the users ▪
▪Set the minimum value to 1▪
▪Set the default value to 22▪
▪Set the port attribut e  to be non-empty ▪
2.Set the arguments attribut e  value to: -ssh %host% -l %username% -pw %password% - 2.
P %port%
Inserting  an esc alation  sequence
You can allow users to insert an esc alation  sequence into a program (such as PuTTY .exe) using a hotkey or
window name.  Insert esc alation  sequence using a hotkey 
When a user presses the esc alation  hotkey, the esc alation  sequence is aut omatic ally  typed into the
program. By default, the esc alation  hotkey is ’Ctrl + K’.
To c on figur e  the esc alation  hotkey:
1.Set the esc alation  sequence attribut e  to the text to insert into the program. 1.
2.Set the esc alation  hotkey modifier  attribut e  to: 2.
▪Ctrl – Pressing the Ctrl key with the esc alation  hotkey key aut omatic ally  types the sequence. This is ▪
the default setting.
▪Alt – Pressing the Alt key with the esc alation  hotkey key aut omatic ally  types the sequence. ▪
▪Middle click – Middle-clicking aut omatic ally  types the sequence. The esc alation  hotkey key ▪
attribut e  is ignored for this option.
3.If using the Ctrl key or Alt key for the modifier ,  set a letter  key (A-Z) for the esc alation  hotkey key 3.
attribut e.
 Insert esc alation  sequence using a window name 
When the window name is detected, the esc alation  sequence is aut omatic ally  typed into the program.
To c on figur e  the esc alation  window name:
1.Set the esc alation  sequence attribut e  to the text to insert into the program. 1.
2.Set the esc alation  window name attribut e  for the window where the esc alation  sequence will be 2.
inserted.
Users will not be able to use the esc alation  hotkey when the esc alationn windo w  name attribut e  is
defined.
Imper sonating  the checked-out account
You can allow the requester to run a program (such as cmd.exe) with the permissions of the checked-out
account. This will essentially  simulate the runas  command.
Set the impersonate attribut e  to:▪none – No imper sonation  will be performed. This is the default setting. ▪
▪ withoutpr ofile  – Attemp t  to impersonate without loading the user’s pr ofile. ▪
▪ withpr ofile  – Attemp t  to impersonate and load the user’s pr ofile. ▪
▪netonly – Do not impersonate locally, but present the managed cr edentials  for network authentic ation ▪
only.
Ex ecuting  a shell script
This example shows how you can c on figur e  pswxcmd to execute a shell script:
▪Set the program attribut e  to: C:\windows\system32\cmd.exe . ▪
▪Set the arguments attribut e  to: /C X:\ITApps\runapp.cmd%host% %password ▪
% %username%
Ex ecuting  SQL*Plus
This example shows how you can c on figur e  pswxcmd to execute SQL*Plus:
▪Set the program attribut e  to: C:\oracle\product\10.1.0\client_1\bin\sqlplus.exe ▪
▪Set the arguments attribut e  to: %username%/%password%@%host% ▪
Changing the message to users on failure
You can change the message displayed to users in the event that the external program fails to launch by
modifying the RES CONNECTION TO SERVER FAILED MSG setting  in the global or managed system policy
Account access request  options.
PuTTY over SSH: pswxcmd
This is a pr ec on figur ed  pswxcmd access disclosure plugin specific ally  for managed accounts. By default,
this plugin is c on figur ed  to execute PuTTY and connect using the user’s SSH keys instead of the privileged
password.
The following requirements must be met:
▪ Connection  details must be accepted as part of the arguments ▪
▪The program must be installed on the user w ork s t ation ▪
▪The user’s private key must already be c on figur ed  on the w ork s t ation ▪
▪The program must either exist on the full path specified  as part of the “program” attribut e;  or if no ▪
path has been specified,  the external program must be specified  on the w ork s t ation  system path
▪SMON HTTP URL must resolve to the server from client w ork s t ations ▪
The following attribut es  are available:
arguments Arguments to supply to the external program, the %password% argument is not used.
checkout expiry This is set to true, the external program closes when the user’s access checkout expires.
cr edentialpr omp t This is set to false, users are not prompted to enter their cr edentials.host The IP or DNS of server.
program External program (including full path) to execute. This is set to putty.exe by default.
window This is set to true, the command is executed within a display window.
See Command prompt: pswxcmd  (on page 1960) for more in f ormation  on modifying these attribut es.
Copy: pswxcopy
The pswxcopy access disclosure plugin provides users with access to a password by copying it into the
clipboard of the client w ork s t ation.  By default, it is c on figur ed  to clear the clipboard if the browser is
closed or if the default 30 seconds expiry time  for the plugin has passed.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of pswxcopy :
erase If false, the clipboard is not cleared. If true, the clipboard is cleared after  the time  expires
or the browser is closed.
timeout This controls how long before the clipboard is cleared.
Remote desktop / Remote APP RDP: pswxtsvc
The pswxtsvc access disclosure plugin provides users with access to Windows server or client
managed systems and RemoteApp programs using Remote Desktop Connection  (RDC). The plugin
provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system without the need to enter the adminis tr ativ e
cr edentials  for the managed account. You can also connect to the remote server when accessing group
sets. This access disclosure plugin supports Network Level Authentic ation  (NLA), as well as session
monitoring.
There are 2 versions of the pswxtsvc access disclosure plugin:
▪Remote desktop , for remote access to a managed system’s desktop environment. ▪
▪Remote APP RDP , for remote access to one of the managed system’s programs that can be run ▪
directly on the client’s w ork s t ation.  RemoteApp must already be c on figur ed  on the managed system.
The plugin requires the following:
▪ Micr osoft  terminal services client (mstsc.exe) installed on the user’s w ork s t ation. ▪
▪Terminal service enabled on the client w ork s t ation  or server. ▪
▪Firewalls c on figur ed  to allow RDC (default port 3389/tcp) from user’s w ork s t ation  to managed system. ▪
▪The managed account has remote terminal service access to log on under remote terminal services.▪
▪SMON HTTP URL must resolve to the server from client w ork s t ations ▪
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of pswxtsvc :
checkout expiry If set to true, the remote desktop applic ation  closes when the user’s access checkout
expires.
color depth Preferred color depth (value must be 8, 15, 16 or 24 bits per pixel).
domain Domain of the user account that the control will connect with. The default is %host% .
host The IP or DNS of server.host search If set to true, will enable searching on attribut e  ”host” when override is allowed
for ”host”.
keyboardhook Apply Windows key c ombinations  to the remote c onnection:
Value Setting
1 Applied on the remote
computer
2 Applied in fullscreen mode
only
login from list Display login button  in list of access disclosure plugins when editable attribut es  exist.
If set to false, the login ability is moved to the override page.
multimon If set to true, the screen mode will be full screen and extended to all monitors,
provided there is more than one monitor.
rdp port The port to use when c onnecting  to the host.
redirect clipboard If set to true, will enable r edir ecting  of the clipboard.
redirect devices If set to true, will enable r edir ecting  of devices.
redirect drives If set to true, will enable r edir ecting  of local disk drives.
redirect ports If set to true, will enable r edir ecting  of local ports.
redirect pos devices If set to true, will enable r edir ecting  of Point of Service devices.
redirect printers If set to true, will enable r edir ecting  of printers.
redirect smart cards If set to true, will enable r edir ecting  of smart cards.
The following disclosure attribut es  are applicable to the Remote desktop access disclosure plugin only:
administer server If set to true, will connect to the server for remote adminis tr ation.
fullscreen If set to true, the screen mode will be full screen. If set to false, the screen
mode will be windowed.
height The desktop height used when using windowed mode.
idle timeout Idle time  before auto log off .
multimon If set to true, the screen mode will be full screen and extended to all monitors,
provided there is more than one monitor.
smartsizing If set to true, will enable the client computer to scale content to fit the window
size.
username An overridable attribut e  with support for the special value %shortid% , which
retrieves the managed account’s shortid.  Add this attribut e  manually through
UI.
width The desktop width used when using windowed mode.
The following disclosure attribut es  are applicable to the Remote APP RDP disclosure plugin only. You can
obtain these values by viewing the contents of the RemoteApp’s .rdp file.
expand
r emot eapplic ationcmdlineen v  varsIf set to true, the server should expand environment variables in the
command line arguments. This is set to false by default.expand working dir env vars If set to true, the server should expand environment variables in the
working directory path. This is set to false by default.
r emot eapplic ationcmdline The command line arguments for the RemoteApp program, if applicable.
r emot eapplic ationname The RemoteApp program name.
r emot eapplic ationpr ogr am The RemoteApp program alias. (ex. —— <program> )
working directory The working directory on the server for the RemoteApp program.
Domain and host values
The domain and host values are used to connect to the remote system. Their values may depend on how
the managed system is set up, and whether it is push or local service mode, manually or aut omatic ally
discovered.
The domain must be the DNS Domain Name or NetBIOS name. It should not be an IP address. The reason
is that the Windows logon requires the account ID and the context (domain/local machine) to identif y
the adminis tr ativ e  user. If an IP address is used in place of a proper name, the c onnection  will fail.
Bravura Privilege  gets the replacement value for %host% from the managed system’s address, or
the ’name’ attribut e  for discovered systems. You could choose to leave the value as an IP address.
Windows Server 2008 and above supports an IP address for the host.
If the address does not contain the DNS name (for example, if it is an IP address) and you want it to, you
have several options:
▪If the system is local service mode, use one of the sub stitution  values %NETBIOS% , %DNSHostname ▪
%, or %NetbiosDomain% depending on the type of account. Default is %NETBIOS% .
▪If the system is push mode, and if using the Windows NT connector, enable WINNT_EMIT_INFO  (on ▪
page 528) and use %DNSHostname% . This allows the Windows NT connector to return the IP and
DNS hostname on the reset oper ation.
▪If the system is push mode, and if using a scripted connector ( agtssh , agtdos , agttelnet ), ▪
c on figur e  the PSLang script to return the IP address and DNS hostname on the reset oper ation.
▪Use a managed system attribut e  set by the API Service Manag eS y s t emAttrAdd  function.  The key- ▪
values set for the managed system can then be used for the host/domain settings.
▪Use a hard coded value.▪
▪Let the user override the value.▪
When an user checks out a domain account, the user has the option  to select from a list of domain
member computers to connect to. To enable this, the ”host” attribut e  must have the ability to be
overridden by the user, and the ”host search” attribut e  is set to true. As well, discovered systems must be
listed from the Activ e  Directory target.
Local service managed system values 
The terminal services plugin connects to the domain set in the managed system’s address field  by
default.When you install the Bravura Privilege  local service, it transmits the in f ormation  about the w ork s t ation,
including:
▪DNS Domain name▪
▪NetBIOS domain name▪
▪Fully qualified  DNS name ▪
▪NetBIOS name▪
▪Physical DNS domain name▪
▪Physical fully qualified  DNS name ▪
▪Physical DNS host name▪
▪Physical NetBIOS name▪
You can view the in f ormation  for a w ork s t ation  by clicking Manage the system  > Privileged access  >
Managed systems  > < W ork s t ation  ID>, then scrolling down to the in f ormation  table below the account
table.
The attribut e  names can be used to sub stitut e  values for the domain and host attribut es  for the
pswxtsvc ; for example you can set the domain value to %NETBIOS% , %DNSHostname% , or
%NetbiosDomain% .
Changing the failure message to users
You can change the message displayed to users in the event that the external program fails to launch by
modifying the RES PROGRAM PATH INVALID MSG setting  in the global or managed system policy
Account access request options.
Authentic ation  pr ompting
If the managed system you are c onnecting  to is c on figur ed  to include a prompt for password upon
c onnection,  you may notice  that the password field  is already filled  in. You can proceed by clicking OK;
you do not need to specify any additional  in f ormation.Single sign-on authentic ation
You can c on figur e  SSO (single sign-on) authentic ation  so that domain users r equesting  access to group
sets can bypass the authentic ation  prompt when running the pswxtsvc access disclosure plugin. SSO
is implemented by using the pre-established cr edentials  used to log onto a client computer and sending it
to the remote server directly. This allows the user to access the remote server without needing to enter
the password multiple  times.
In order for SSO to be in e ff ect,  the client computer must be on the same domain as the remote server,
and the user must log onto the client computer with their domain account.
To order to accommodate single sign-on authentic ation,  you must c on figur e  settings  on both the remote
server and the client.  Remote Server 
The remote server must be Windows 2008/Vista or above, and it must allow c onnections  from
computers running Network Level Authentic ation.
To allow c onnections  from computers running Network Level Authentic ation:
1.Go to Start menu and right click on Computer . 1.
2.Click Pr operties . 2.
3.Click Remote settings . 3.4.Select Allow c onnections  only from computers running Remote Desktop with Network Level 4.
Authentic ation
5.Click Select Users... 5.
6.Click Add... to include users that will be r equesting  group set access to ensure they can remotely log 6.
onto the server.
7.Click OK. 7.
8.Click OK again to close the system pr operties. 8.
Remote Client 
The remote client must be Windows XP SP3 or above, and support Network Level Authentic ation.
For Windows 2008/Vista+ Clients:
1.Go to Start menu, type gpedit.msc in the search box, and click on the program to access the Local 1.
Group Policy Editor.
2.Expand Computer Con figur ation \ Adminis tr ativ e  Templates \System \ Cr edentials  Deleg ation . 2.
3.Double click on Allow Deleg ating  Default Cr edentials . 3.
4.Set this object to Enabled . 4.
5.Click the Show... button  to add servers to the list. 5.
6. Con figur e  a list of trusted remote servers for SSO. 6.
For each server, enter a new value of TERMSRV/ <hostname > where <hostname > is the address
that the pswxtsvc access disclosure plugin will use to connect to the remote server. Typically, this
will be the fully qualified  DNS name of the server.
You can also simply type in TERMSRV/. <domain > to include all servers in <domain >.
For Windows XP SP3 Clients:
1.Go to Start menu, type regedit in the search box, and click on the program to access the Registry 1.
Editor.
Ensure that you are comfortable and knowledgeable in the mechanics of the registry before you
attemp t  to change any c on figur ation  settings.  Contact support@bravurasecurity.com  if in doubt.
2.In HKLM \SOFTWARE \Policies \ Micr osoft \Windows, create a new key called 2.
CredentialsDelegation .
3.In the newly created Cr edentialsDeleg ation  key, create a DWORD value called 3.
AllowDefaultCredentials and set its value to 1.
4.Create a new key under Cr edentialsDeleg ation  called AllowDefaultCredentials . 4.
5.In the newly created Allo wDe f aultCr edentials  key, create a new string value. 5.
6.Set the name of this to some unique identifier;  you may wish to simply use ”1”, ”2”, ”3”, and so on. Set 6.
the value to TERMSRV/ <hostname >, similar to above.
7.Repeat this step for each server you want to enable SSO for.7.8.Go to HKLM \SYSTEM \CurrentControlSet \Control \Lsa and modify Security Packages by appending 8.
tspkg to it.
9.Go to HKLM \SYSTEM \CurrentControlSet \Control \SecurityProviders and modify SecurityProviders by 9.
appending credssp.dll to it.
Display: pswxview
The pswxview access disclosure plugin provides users with access to a password by displaying it within
the browser. When the secure method is enabled, Bravura Privilege  uses JavaScript to decrypt the
privileged password embedded in the page. If the insecure method is enabled, the browser can store
passwords in plain text in the page source, and users can view the password in browsers that do not have
JavaScript enabled.
You can modify the following default attribut es  to control the behavior of pswxview :
secure If true, the password is only disclosed if the browser has JavaScript enabled, and the
password is not selectable. If false, the password is available in plaintext for
browsers without JavaScript.
timeout This controls how long the privileged password is shown.
pwd split Allows the password to be split amongst multiple  viewers so that no single viewer
sees the entir e  password.
Changing default font and size of viewable passwords
You modify the default font and size of viewable passwords by opening the following files:
▪<instance>\skin\widgets \pluginctrl-end.html ▪
▪<instance>\skin\widgets \ie\pluginctrl-end.html ▪
and editing  the following lines:
  passFontFamily: ‘<font_name>' 
  passFontSize: <font_size>
If the ie directory exists, the file in it will override the global file outside of it.
Split password view
You can split up a password amongst multiple  viewers by specifying the pwd split  attribut e.  This takes the
form ”n/m” where m is the number of pieces to split the password into, and n is the number of the piece
that this instance of the control should display.
For example, 1/2 will display the fir s t half of the password, while 2/2 will display the second half. You
can c on figur e  a plugin to determine what part of the password a viewer will see. See Using a plugin to
de fine  access disclosure plugin  (on page 1856). If you don’t intend to use password splitting ,  you can
safely delete the default pwd split attribut e.