Segr eg ation  of duties  rules
In Bravura Security Fabric , SoD rules provide a way of identif ying  e x ceptions  to roles or possible access
c on flicts.  They are a component of a role-based access control system, along with roles.
In f ormation  regarding the rule is de fined  in four tabs:
General Contains rule ID, description,  status of the rule, the number of
entitlemen ts  needed to be considered in violation,  total number of users in
violation  of the rule, and the number of users in violation  without
approved e x ception.  The values for the number of users in violation  are
auto-generated.
Authoriz ation Where you de fine  whether requests for e x ceptions  to the rule require
authoriz ation,  how many authorizers, and which authorizers. You can also
de fine  how many authorizers must deny the request for it to be denied.
Entitlemen ts Where you de fine  which resources are considered part of the rule; this can
include template accounts, managed groups, and sub-roles.
Violators This page lists all users currently in violation  of the SoD rule, users without
approved e x ceptions,  and users with approved e x ceptions.  The content is
auto-generated. Violators are calculated recursively. For example, if an SoD
rule’s entitlemen ts  contain two roles, and each role has managed groups as
their entitlemen ts,  then the violators include both common users in the
roles as well as the common members in the managed groups.
Rule status 
When cr eating  a rule you must set its status. For a rule to be activ e  it must be enabled.
An enabled rule can be deprecated once it is used.
Cr eating  segr eg ation  of duties  rules
To create a segr eg ation  of duties  rule:
1.Navigate to the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule de finition  page 1.
Na vig ation  steps 
You use the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page to c on figur e  general rule in f ormation,  and to
access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Segr eg ation  of duties  rules . 1.
2.To de fine: 2.
▪A new rule – click Add new … . ▪
▪An e xisting  rule –search for, or select the rule you want to view or modify. ▪You cannot modify a deprecated rule. You must restore it firs t.
for a new rule.
2.Type a unique ID and Description . 2.
3.Determine whether the rule is Enabled . 3.
4.Select Ex ceptions  not allowed if you do not want users or reviewers to be able to request e x ceptions 4.
to the rule.
5.If you selected Ex ceptions  not allowed , and you want to allow e x ceptions  under certain 5.
circumstances, type the name of the plugin Program to enable e x ception .
A sample plugin, plugin-sod-exception.psl , is included in the <instance>\samples\. See
Plugin to enable e x ception  (on page 813) for more in f ormation  about writing  an e x ceptions  plugin.
6.Type the minimum Number of entitlemen ts  a user must have to violate a rule . 6.
This means that if a user has at least this many of the rule’s c on figur ed  resources, then they are in
violation  of the rule.
▪If set to 1, then all of the users for each of the rule’s resource members are in violation  of the rule. ▪
▪If set to 2, then users who are a part of two of the c on figur ed  resource members are in violation. ▪
7.If you want to vary the time  that an e x ception  will be allowed, type the Default number of days 7.
before expiry . The default expiry is 60 days, as determined by EXPIRY FOR EXCEPTIONS TO SOD
RULES (Manage the system > Policies > Options ). Requesters are able to change this value when
r equesting  an e x ception.  After  this time,  a user who is granted an e x ception  will be in violation  again.
8.Click Add. 8.
 Next: 
▪Assign authorizers to the rule  (on page 815) ▪
▪Add resource members to the rule  (on page 816) ▪Plugin to enable e x ception
A segr eg ation  of duties  (SoD) rule is generally put in place for most users; however, there are times
where e x ceptions  are required for specific  individuals. Rules can be c on figur ed  to allow or disallow
e x ceptions.  Once an e x ception  request is approved, the resources that are being applied for the
e x ception  are assigned to the user, overriding the segr eg ation  of duties  rule.
To disallow e x ceptions,  you enable the Ex ceptions  not allowed  option  on the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule
de finition  page. You can also write a plugin to override this setting ,  to allow e x ceptions  in certain
circumstances. You enable the plugin in the Program to enable e x ception  field.
See more in f ormation  on writing  a custom plug-in.
Requirements
See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Shipped plugins
A sample plugin script, plugin-sod-exception.psl  is provided in the samples\ directory. The
sample always returns success, to override the Ex ceptions  not allowed setting.  You must edit the script
and move it to the \<instance>\plugin\ directory.
Ex ecution  points
The e x ceptions  plugin is run when a user views SoDs on a self-service request page or certific ation  page.
Input
The plugin receives the ID of the SoD and the requester:
"" "" = {
  "sodid" "" = {
    "sodid" = "<SoD ID>"
        # indicates the ID of the SoD rule that is in violation
  }
  "user" "" = {
    "user" = "<userid>"
        # indicates the userid of the user that is in violation of
        # the SoD rule.  This value will be blank for new user
        # requests that violate the rule since it is not yet known
        # until after the request is submitted.
  }
}
When a request for new users results in an SoD violation  being triggered, the value for the user ID for the
"user" section  will be blank since it is not known at this point of the request (it is determined after  the
request is submitted).Output
The plugin returns standard output where retval=0 means that the Ex ceptions  not allowed setting  is
overruled; for example:
"" "" = {
     "errmsg" = "<text message>"
         # The message to indicate why an exception may be allowed or
         # disallowed.
     "exception" = "<true|false>"
         # Mandatory; true indicates that exceptions may be allowed.
         # Anything else (such as false for example) will not allow
         # exceptions to be requested.
     "retval" = "0"
         # Mandatory; non-zero indicates that exceptions may not be
         # allowed.
   }
De fining  segr eg ation  of duties  rule authoriz ation
De fine  authoriz ation  in f ormation  for SoD rules to:
▪Set the number of approvals or denials required for requests for e x ceptions  to the rule. ▪
▪Assign s t atic  authorizers to de fine  who can approve requests for e x ceptions  to the rule. ▪
Users must be loaded into the Bravura Security Fabric database before you can de fine  them as
authorizers.
You must assign enough authorizers to meet the minimum number of authorizers requirement. If you do
not do this, requests involving the resource are aut omatic ally  denied unless authorizers are assigned by a
w orkflo w  plug-in.
Con figuring  phased authoriz ation
If phased authoriz ation  is enabled, navigate to the target system’s Authoriz ation  page, then:
▪Click Add new… if you want to add a phase. ▪
▪To change the order of phases, change the numbers in the Authoriz ation  phase column and click ▪
Update .
▪Select a phase to de fine  authorizers and settings. ▪
Determining number of required approvals
To de fine  the authoriz ation  requirements for a rule:
1.Navigate to the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page. 1.
2.Select the Authoriz ation  tab. 2.Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
3.Type a value for the:3.
▪Minimum number of authorizers – A value of 0 means requests for the resource are auto- ▪
approved.
The default value is set by the MIN AUTHORIZERS  policy.
▪Number of denials before a change request is terminated – A resource request is canceled when ▪
this number of authorizers deny it, as long as the Minimum number of authorizers has not been
reached.
4.The default value is set by the MAX REJECTIONS  policy. 4.
5.Click Update . 5.
Assigning s t atic  authorizers
To assign s t atic  authorizers to a rule:
1.Navigate to the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page. 1.
2.Select the Authoriz ation  tab. 2.
Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
3.Click Select... at the bottom  of the Authorizers table. 3.
4.Search for, or enable the checkboxes next to the authorizers that you want to assign.4.
5.Click Select at the bottom  of the page. 5.
Assigning authorizers by user class
To assign authorizers by user class:
1.Navigate to the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page. 1.
2.Select the Authoriz ation  tab. 2.
3.To de fine  membership criteria: 3.▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want ▪
to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click 
 Add new… . See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for full details ▪
on how to create a new user class.
4. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 4.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  membership.
5.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match 5.
All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .
 Removing users from membership
To remove users from membership, you can:
1.Edit user classes to change the participan ts. 1.
2.Delete user classes from the membership criteria.2.
a.Navigate to the membership criteria  page where user classes are listed. a.
b.Enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want to delete.b.
3.Click Delete . 3.
Adding entitlemen ts  to segr eg ation  of duties  rules
Once you have added a rule, you can add entitlemen ts  to it:
To add entitlemen ts  to a rule:
1.Navigate to the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule de finition  page 1.
Na vig ation  steps 
You use the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page to c on figur e  general rule in f ormation,  and to
access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Segr eg ation  of duties  rules . 1.
2.To de fine: 2.
▪A new rule – click Add new … . ▪
▪An e xisting  rule –search for, or select the rule you want to view or modify. ▪
You cannot modify a deprecated rule. You must restore it firs t.
.
2.Select Entitlemen ts ., then the sub-tab link for: 2.
▪Account▪
▪Managed group▪
▪Role▪
3.Click Select... . 3.
4.Select the resources you want to include then click Select . 4.When an SoD rule includes a role, it checks users that are assigned the role in Bravura Security Fabric,
and users who have all of the role’s member resources. The set of users who have all the resources
that de fine  a role count as one segregation  of duties  resource member.
Con figuring  resource attribut es
It is possible to add resource attribut es  to this resource type; you can use resource attribut es  to create
and set attribut e  values for individual resources. Before you can do this, you must add the resource
attribut es  to at least one resource attribut e  group, and c on figur e  access to resource attribut es.
Depr ec ating  segr eg ation  of duties  rules
Once a rule has been used, you can deprecate it if you want to render it unusable, while preserving it for
auditing  purposes. While it is deprecated, it is not taken into account during a request, and cannot be
deleted. A deprecated rule can be restored at a later date.
To deprecate a rule:
1.Navigate to the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule de finition  page 1.
Na vig ation  steps 
You use the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page to c on figur e  general rule in f ormation,  and to
access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Segr eg ation  of duties  rules . 1.
2.To de fine: 2.
▪A new rule – click Add new … . ▪
▪An e xisting  rule –search for, or select the rule you want to view or modify. ▪
You cannot modify a deprecated rule. You must restore it firs t.
.
2.Select the checkbox next to the deprecate button. 2.
3. Optionally ,  enter a Reason for depr ec ation . 3.4.Click Deprecate . 4.
 Restoring a rule 
To restore a rule, click Restore on the Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page.
Deleting  segr eg ation  of duties  rules
You can delete rules that are disabled. You cannot delete a rule if it is enabled or deprecated.
To delete a rule:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Segr eg ation  of duties  rules . 1.
2.Select the checkboxes next to the rules you want to delete.2.
If a checkbox is not available next to a rule you want to delete, then the rule is not disabled. Select the
rule, and restore and/or disable the rule as necessary, then return to the Segr eg ation  of duties  rules
page.
3.Click Delete and c on firm  the deletion. 3.
Alternately, you can delete a disabled rule from its Segr eg ation  of duties  rule in f ormation  page.
When you delete a rule in the Manage the system  (PSA) module, it is flag g ed  as deleted in the Bravura
Security Fabric  database. It is maintained for auditing  purposes.Part IV Login ProcessIdentific ation  and authentic ation
This chapter describes how users log into Bravura Security Fabric , and how you can c on figur e  Bravura
Security Fabric  to identif y  and authentic a t e  users.  
How users log in
Users log in using the Front-end . The way that users access the login pages can vary according to how
or g aniz ations  customize the interface between Bravura Security Fabric , the corporate intranet, and other
applic ations.
The Front-end  provides access to multiple  Bravura Security Fabric  web modules using a single
authentic ation  point, rather than requiring authentic ation  for each individual module. In general, the
Front-end  authentic ation  process works as follows:
1.A user visits the Front-end  login page by following a link from your corporate intranet, or typing the 1.
URL in a browser:
▪http[s]:// <host name > ▪
if the index page for this instance is set up as the default web page, or
▪http[s]:// <host name >/<virtual directory >/ ▪
to access the login page for an instance that is not set up as the default web page.
2.Depending on how the identific ation  priority list is c on figur ed,  the Front-end  displays a list of trusted 2.
systems for the user to select from.
3.The user enters an ID.3.
This is a login ID for a trusted system, pr ofile  ID, email address, or other attribut e.
Console-only users do not have accounts, and therefore must always enter their pr ofile  ID.
4.The Front-end  determines the authentic ation  methods that are available to the user. If more than one 4.
method is available, the Front-end  displays a pr e-c on figur ed  list for the user to select from.
5.The user authentic a t es  to Bravura Security Fabric  using the selected method. 5.
6.Depending on how the module is c on figur ed,  the Front-end  ensures that the user has a complete 6.
pr ofile,  then presents the user with a list of available options.
7.The user clicks a link on the main menu to access functionality  provided by another Bravura Security 7.
Fabric  module.
Identific ation  vs Authentic ation
The two main parts of the Login process, identific ation  and authentic ation  , work diff er en tly  because they
work on diff er en t  data.
As described below in this chapter in more detail, users can Identif y  themselves with either:
▪Account names currently associated to that pr ofile  from a user-selected target from the Identific ation ▪
priority list.  (on page 821) The default is the fir s t target system added.