Selecting  a voice board
The Phone Password Manager service is able to interact with a number of Dialogic® boards. When
selecting  a voice board, you must consider the following factors:
▪The amount of load expected on the IVR server.▪
See Calculating  the number and size of voice boards  (on page 1749) for more help with this.
▪ Existing  phone lines. ▪
If you have a sufficien t  number of e xisting  lines, you must purchase a board that matches your type of
line (digital or analog) to avoid having to install new lines.
Using a digital line with an analog board, or an analog line with a digital board can permanently
damage your telephony hardware.
▪The c on figur ation  of the PBX (private branch exchange) at your or g aniz ation. ▪
A PBX in t egr ation  board provides all of the basic voice and call processing c apabilities  of standard
voice boards, and adds hardware and firm w ar e  that eases in t egr ation  with supported PBXs.
The PBX in t egr ation  board connects directly to your PBX using a digital line. If you require this type of
board, make sure to select one that is c ompatible  with your PBX.
The PBX in t egr ation  board must be c on figur ed  to assign a phone number to the Dialogic® card.
Consult your PBX documen t ation  for details.
Bravura Security highly recommends that you install Dialogic®  PowerMedia Host Media Processing
(HMP) server on a physical machine rather than a virtual machine to avoid performance and
inconsistency issues.
For more in f ormation  about voice boards, see:
http s://w w w .sang oma.c om/t elephon y -c ar ds/dialogic-boar ds/jct/jct -c ombined/
For more in f ormation  about PBX in t egr ation  boards, see:
http s://w w w .sang oma.c om/t elephon y -c ar ds/dialogic-boar ds/jct/pb x -in t egr ation-boar ds/
Phone Password Manager does not support Dialogic® Diva®  products.
Assigning phone lines
The type and number of line that you must install depends on your voice board. Check your vendor
documen t ation  to ensure that you are installing the correct type of phone line.
A phone technician should perform the following tasks:
1.Ensure that the necessary number of phone lines are installed and tested for functionality . 1.
2.If required, c on figur e  the telephone lines as a sequential  hunt group. 2.
3.If required, assign the lead line on the sequential  hunt group a dedicated telephone number. 3.
Plugging an analog line into a digital board and vice versa can damage the board.Installing the hardware and IVR softw ar e
Once the physical lines are available, you can install the voice boards, drivers, and System Release
softw ar e.  Since some boards require the softw ar e  to be installed fir s t and other boards need to be
installed before the softw ar e,  it is recommended that you refer to the documen t ation  included with the
System Release before you install the voice board.
After  you have completed the ins t allation,  test your system to ensure that it is functioning  correctly and
that the board is responding to external calls. Typically, the Dialogic® card drivers include softw ar e  for
t esting  that the card is picking up calls.
If you require drivers or troubleshooting  inf ormation,  contact your vendor.
If you will be deploying biometric voice print v erific ation  on the IVR server, you can install the
VoiceVantage softw ar e  after  you have v erified  that your system is functioning  correctly.
Next:
Set up the Bravura Pass  Remote AP  (on page 1757)I.
Con figuring  Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing Softw ar e
Phone Password Manager Server requirements
In order to use VoIP or softphone  technology with Phone Password Manager, your IVR server must be
c on figur ed  as follows:
Oper ating  system
Phone Password Manager requires Windows Server 2012 at current service packs.
Your IVR system should be installed on a designated server. This machine should be separate from the
Bravura Pass  server.
Installing the Host Media Processing softw ar e
If you want to c on figur e  Phone Password Manager to use VoIP or softphone  systems instead of voice
boards, then you must install Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing (HMP) 3.0+ for Windows.
The trial version of HMP and a demo license can be downloaded from the Dialogic® web site.
For more in f ormation  about Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing, contact your vendor or visit:
http://w w w .dialogic.c om/ en/pr oducts/media-ser v er -softw ar e/hmp-softw ar e.asp x
Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing is inc ompatible  with several virtualiz ation  programs, and it
is highly recommended that you install it on a physical machine.
Once the Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing softw ar e  is installed, the Phone Password
Manager will aut omatic ally  perform any required c on figur ations  upon ins t allation.
Next:Set up the Bravura Pass  Remote AP  (on page 1757)I.
Con figuring  Asterisk® Softw ar e
Asterisk® is an open-source telephony solution  which provides a wide variety of call management
functionality .  As a primarily Unix-based product, Asterisk® is best installed on a server separate from your
Phone Password Manager server.
When using Asterisk® softw ar e,  Phone Password Manager can be installed on a hardware machine or a
virtual machine, and does not require a Dialogic® card or HMP softw ar e.
The Asterisk® module is included by default, and installs support for receiving calls from an Asterisk®
server.
Phone Password Manager supports:
▪AsteriskNow complete Linux dis tribution  (on page 1753) ▪
▪Asterisk package on a Linux environment  (on page 1753) ▪
▪Asterisk package on a Windows environment  (on page 1754) ▪
AsteriskNow
AsteriskNow is a complete Linux dis tribution  with Asterisk, the DAHDI driver framework, and optionally ,
the FreePBX adminis tr ativ e  GUI.
Download the AsteriskNow ISO from www.asterisk.org/downloads/asterisknow  and install the oper ating
system on either a new virtual machine or a hardware box.
Next:
Con figur e  the Asterisk® server  (on page 1754).
Asterisk package on a Linux environment
You can install the Asterisk®  server in a Linux environment either on a hardware machine or a virtual
machine.
To install, use the system’s package manager to select the following packages, and apply the change:
▪asterisk▪
▪asterisk-core-sounds-en-gsm▪
▪ as t erisk -c on fig▪
▪sox▪
The sox package is required by Phone Password Manager in order to convert audio files.
When using a source package to install Asterisk® , ensure that the make commands are run after  all
the libraries listed here have been installed and c onfigured.
Additional  in f ormation  on installing Asterisk® can be found at:http://blogs.digium.c om/2012/11/05/ho w -t o-ins t all-as t erisk -11-on-cen t os-6/
You may also need to allow access to the Asterisk audio file path, so that the "asterisk" user can create a
new directory there; for example:
sudo chown asterisk:asterisk /usr/share/asterisk
The destination  might vary between Asterisk versions and Linux environments; it can be found in the
Phone Password Manager log, where it shows the cr eation  of the directory failed due to the permission.
Next:
Con figur e  the Asterisk® server  (on page 1754).
Asterisk package on a Windows environment
It is also possible to install the Asterisk®  server in a Windows environment. Please note that Asterisk® 
for Windows is a 32-bit binary which is only supported on Windows 2000, XP , or 2003. You will need to
install Cygwin on this server, in order to run the SoX binary required by Phone Password Manager.
Download the executable from www.asteriskwin32.com  and install Asterisk in the default loc ation.
The site requires the Adobe® Flash plugin.
Install the sox package from Cygwin. Cygwin is a Linux-like environment for Windows. The SoX package
will allow Phone Password Manager to convert the ".wav" audio files to ".ulaw" audio files,  which can be
played back to end users. You can download and install Cygwin tools from:
http://w w w .cy gwin.c om/ se tup.e x e
Using the Cygwin setup binary, search for the sox package and install it on the Asterisk installed directory
(default c:\cygroot), or ensure the ins t allation  directory is in the system path.
Next:
Con figur e  the Asterisk®  server  (on page 1754).
Con figuring  the Asterisk® server
Once ins t allation  is complete, c on figur e  the Asterisk®  server:
1.Start the Asterisk service by running the following command:1.
sudo asterisk -vc
or, on Windows:
asterisk -vc
2.If you are using a Linux system, connect to the Asterisk console:2.
sudo asterisk -r
3.Navigate to the /etc/asterisk directory on Linux, or C:\cygroot\asterisk\etc on a Windows system.3.
4.Open sip.conf for editing. 4.5.Modify the c on figur ation  file by adding one or more of the following tags to the end of the file: 5.
[777] 
type=friend 
username=777 
secret=777 
host=dynamic 
disallow=all 
allow=ulaw
Write your changes and close the file.
6.Run the sip reload  command from the Asterisk console to reload the new SIP c on figur ation. 6.
7.Open extensions.conf for editing. 7.
8.Add one or more of the following tags at the end of the c on figur ation  file: 8.
[HiTPM] 
exten => 777,1,Ringing 
exten => 777,n,AGI(agi://10.0.42.103) 
exten => 777,n,Hangup
Where:
▪777 is the newly-added extension ▪
▪Ringing  will ring fir s t when calling this extension ▪
▪10.0.42.103  is the IP address where the Phone Password Manager instance is installed ▪
▪Hangup  will hang up after  c onnection  to the instance is finished ▪
9.To include the newly-added tag (HiTPM), add include  => HiTPM  to the [default]  tag section 9.
below include => demo . You may also need to add this tag to the [From-Local]  section  as
well.
10. Write your changes and close the file. 10.
11. If the Asterisk server has not already started, run asterisk start . 11.
12. Run the dialplan reload  command from the Asterisk console to load the new c on figur ation. 12.
Next:
Con figur e  a softw ar e  phone  (on page 1755).
Con figuring  a softw ar e  phone
Installing a softw ar e  phone (softphone)  will allow you to place calls to the IVR softw ar e,  and can be used
to test that your c on figur ation  is running properly. Once the IVR server is c on figur ed,  create a softphone
account and activ a t e  it.Placing a call with softphone
Depending on your IVR c on figur ation,  you may need to alter how you address the IVR server when
placing a call.
Placing calls to Asterisk®
Once you have enabled your softphone  pr ofile,  you only need to dial the extension c on figur ed  in your
extensions.conf file, then connect the call.
Placing calls to Dialogic®
When placing a call to a Dialogic® server, the call is directed to the IVR server using the dialling address,
instead of being included in the user pr ofile  you created earlier  (on page 1755). In order to place a call to
a Dialogic® system, the address should be f ormatted  as:
<Extension>@<Server IP>
Unlike Asterisk® , dialogic will accept a call on any extension by default. Due to this behavior, call filt ering
and line-specific  logic is largely done in the Phone Password Manager psynch.psl  script.Setting  up the Bravura Pass  Remote API
The Bravura Pass  remote API enables Phone Password Manager and other external applic ations  to access
Bravura Pass  features such as user authentic ation  and password change.
The Phone Password Manager server uses the following components to communicate with the API:
▪The Phone Password Manager service.▪
▪The Password Manager API Services (IDAPI and IDAPISOAP) on the Bravura Pass  server. ▪
▪The Bravura Pass  API DLL ( pspushpass.dll ) installed on the Phone Password Manager server ▪
during setup.
In order to set up the Remote API on Bravura Pass  server, you will need to:
▪Enable the API Service  (on page 1757) ▪
▪ Con figur e  an IDAPI caller  (on page 1757) ▪
See also
See more in f ormation  about the API Service  (on page 2846) (idapi).
Enabling the API Service
The API Service and API SOAP Service must be running on Bravura Pass  server before you can call the
API. Both of these services are enabled and started by default, but unexpected shutdowns or
maintenance may necessitate a manual restart.
To enable and start the API Service:
1.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Services . 1.
2.Select Bravura Security (idapi) API Service . 2.
3.Click Enable the service . 3.
4.Click Start the service . 4.
5.Select Bravura Security (idapisoap) API SOAP Service . 5.
6.Click Enable the service . 6.
7.Click Start the service . 7.
Next:
Con figur e  an IDAPI caller  (on page 1757).
Con figuring  an API caller for Phone Password Manager
The API caller is an administrator account on the Bravura Pass  instance which Phone Password Manager
uses to implement API calls. The account _API_USER_TPM is included in a Bravura Pass  ins t allation,  but is
disabled by default.You can designate any product administrator as the API caller by giving them the API caller privilege. You
can also create a new product administrator.
To c on figur e  the API caller:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to product features . 1.
2. Con figur e  _API_USER_TPM, or create a new product administrator, and grant it the API Caller 2.
privilege.
3. Con figur e  the IP address with CIDR bitmask  to include the IP address of the Phone Password Manager 3.
server.
4. Con figur e  a password for the API caller, and click Update . 4.
5.Click Enable to activ a t e  the API caller account. 5.
6.If necessary, c on figur e  the Password Manager service ( idpm ) (on page 2820). 6.
Next:
Install the Phone Password Manager softw ar e.  (on page 1759)
See also:
Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf )Installing the Phone Password Manager Softw ar e
This chapter shows you how to install the Phone Password Manager softw ar e.  You must install Phone
Password Manager on the same Windows server where the Dialogic® board or Dialogic® PowerMedia
Host Media Processing Softw ar e  is installed (IVR server). If you will be using an Asterisk® server, it is
recommended that Phone Password Manager and Asterisk® are installed on separate servers.
If you have a hardware phone system and have not yet installed a Dialogic® board, or if you require
additional  in f ormation,  please refer to Con figuring  the IVR Server  (on page 1749).
Before you begin
Before you install Phone Password Manager softw ar e  on the IVR server, ensure that your:
▪Hardware phone system is fully functioning  on the IVR server, including voice board, drivers, and all ▪
c onnections.
The Dialogic®  product System Service, and Dialogic®  product Boardserver service, must be running.
Or
▪Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing Softw ar e  is installed and fully functioning  on the IVR ▪
server.
Or
▪The Asterisk® server is running, and has been c on figur ed  to connect to the IVR server. ▪
Using setup to manage ins t allations
If you do not already have the Phone Password Manager softw ar e,  please contact your Bravura Security
account r epr esen t ativ e  to find out how to obtain the zip file.
Once the zip file is downloaded and unzipped to a temporary folder on the IVR server, run the setup
program that is located at the root of the dis tribution  folder. It gathers initial  c on figur ation  in f ormation
and launches the installer ( idtel.msi ).
The setup  program detects your c on figur ation.  If you have:
▪Dialogic® boards, then Phone Password Manager installs support for hardware phone systems.▪
▪Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing Softw ar e,  then Phone Password Manager installs ▪
support for softphone  systems.
▪By default, setup  will install the Asterisk® module. This module includes the <Instance>\service ▪
\Asterisk.cfg file, as well as the tpm  service, and tpm.cfg  c on figur ation  file. These files are used to
c on figur e  Asterisk® IVRs only.
For an Asterisk ins t allation,  Phone Password Manager will not install the idtel.cfg file, nor will it start
the VoIP Telephony service. These files are only installed when a Dialogic® c onfiguration  is detected on
the system.
You must run setup as a member of the Administrators group.Currently, the setup  program is used to:
▪Install Phone Password Manager  (on page 1760) ▪
▪Manage Phone Password Manager instances  (on page 1762) ▪
▪Uninstall Phone Password Manager  (on page 1762) ▪
Using setup to install the softw ar e
To install the Phone Password Manager service:
1.Run the setup program. 1.
2.If you already have  Bravura Security Fabric  instance installed on the Windows server, setup displays 2.
the Select an instance to c onfigure  page. Click Install New  to proceed.
3.Select Bravura IVR , then click Next . 3.
4.Enter a unique instance name, and optionally  a description. 4.
Click Next .
The setup  program performs a pr e-ins t allation  check and v erifies  all of the requirements for
ins t allation.
5.If all of the checks are successful, click Next  to proceed with the ins t allation. 5.
If any of the pre-install checks produce warnings or errors, click Report  for details.
The setup  program launches the Telephone Password Manager <instance> Setup Wizard .
6.Click Next . 6.
7.Read and accept the license agreement.7.
Click Next .
8.Type the loc ation  of the Phone Password Manager license file. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can use the Browse 8.
button  to select the loc ation  of the file.
Click Next.
9.Choose the setup type that best suits your needs:9.
▪Click Typical  to install Phone Password Manager, and the Asterisk® module without any additional ▪
features.
Or,
▪Click Complete  to install Phone Password Manager with all additional  features: Asterisk® module, ▪
Speech Service, RSA Audio files,  and HDD Encr yption  Audio files.
Or,
▪Click Custom  to select which additional  Phone Password Manager features to install. Select only ▪
the items you want to install:
▪Asterisk Module – See Con figuring  Asterisk® Softw ar e  (on page 1753) . ▪
▪RSA Audio files – Audio files for RSA Authentic ation  Manager targets. ▪
▪Speech Service – See Speech R ec ognition  and Text-to-Speech  (on page 1780) for details. ▪
▪HDD Encr yption  Audio files – Audio files for Hard Drive Encr yption  targets. ▪