Types of authoriz ation  w orkflo w
Two types of authoriz ation  are available within Bravura Security Fabric ’s w orkflo w  engine:
St atic  authoriz ation Requests involving resources (target systems, templates, roles, or groups) are routed
to pr e-de fined  authorizers mapped directly to the objects.
This type of authoriz ation  is s t atic  because the list of authorizers is c on figur ed  in
advance. It is generally not used in Bravura Privilege  implemen t ations.
Dynamic authoriz ation Authorizers are determined and assigned at the time  the request is submitted,  using
criteria based on pr operties  of the request (r elationship  to the recipient, value of a
particular  request attribut e,  access requested, and so on).
This type of authoriz ation  is dynamic because the list of authorizers changes
depending on details of the request. Authoriz ation  for managed resources is generally
determined by c on figur ation  at the resource object level.
St atic  authoriz ation  is simple to c on figur e,  but requires manual maintenance. In Bravura Identity
implemen t ations,  it is usually sufficien t  for small to medium-size or g aniz ations  where a small number of
employees are responsible for reviewing and authorizing requests to a resource. In Bravura Privilege
implemen t ations,  Bravura Privilege P attern  makes it easier to use team management (which uses
dynamic w orkflo w).
In large enterprise environments, the selection  of resource authorizers is more complex. St atic
authoriz ation  is not feasible; the maintenance required would make it impr actic al.  Dynamic authoriz ation
addresses this challenge and also off er s  more fle xibility  in how the w orkflo w  is c on figur ed.  Many
businesses implement a c ombination  of both s t atic  and dynamic authoriz ation.  You can apply r elational
user classes and security rules so that the authorizer is determined by the type of request, the resources
associated with the request, as well as who is making the request, and for whom.
You can also use plugins to dynamically assign authorizers instead of, or in addition  to, s t atic  authorizers.
In some enterprise environments, the authoriz ation  process is serial; for example the request is fir s t
reviewed by the employee’s manager, followed by a security group member or resource owner. The
authoriz ation  engine is fle xible  enough to accommodate most authoriz ation  scenarios.
Single resource approval
It is possible to c on figur e  the w orkflo w  so that it sends parts of the request for fulfillmen t  as soon as they
are approved. This is controlled via the IDP APPROVE SINGLE RESOURCE  (on page 1438) option  (disabled
by default). When enabled, an approved oper ation  is immediately actioned,  without w aiting  for the
entir e  request to be approved; for example, where a request is submitted  to add a user to three groups,
as soon as group owner one approves their part, the user gets added to group one and that state is
r e flect ed  on the authoriz ation  status page.
See Act on individual entitlemen ts  in the end user documen t ation  for more.
Lab: Con figuring  s t atic  authoriz ation
Any regular user with a valid pr ofile  can be assigned as a s t atic  authorizer. St atic  authorizers can be
mapped directly to resources or policies.The types of requests that s t atic  authorizers can review, and the actions  they can take, depend on the
privileges granted to them by user access rules.
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪There is an Activ e  Directory target system set up as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪The Activ e  Directory target system is c on figur ed  so that groups with owners are aut omatic ally ▪
managed by Bravura Security Fabric , to be moderated by owners. This means that Bravura Security
Fabric  assigns the owners of those groups as the authorizers.
Configur e  s t atic  authorizers for groups
You can assign s t atic  authorizers to a resource in the c on figur ation  settings  for the resource.
The AD target system is c on figur ed  so that groups with owners are aut omatic ally  managed by Bravura
Security Fabric , to be moderated by owners. This means that Bravura Security Fabric  assigns the owners
of those groups as the authorizers.
In this example, you will add one extra s t atic  authorizer for the ENG-MANAGERS-owners group:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Resources > Group s. 2.
3.Select the AD target system to view its listed groups.3.
4.Search for and select the ENG-MANAGERS-owners  group and take note of its settings. 4.
5.Click the Authoriz ation  tab. 5.
6.Set the Minimum number of authorizers  to 1 if it is not set to 1 already. 6.
This means that any one of the authorizers you map to this target may approve the request.
7.Set the Number of denials before a change request is terminated  to 1 if it is not set to 1 already. 7.
This means that a change to an e xisting  account is canceled if one of the authorizers deny the request.
8.In the Authorizers  table, click Select… . 8.
You will notic e  that MOHAMD has already been added as an authorizer because he is the owner of the
ENG-MANAGERS-owners group.
9.Search for and select HARRYJ.9.
10. Click Select . 10.
The ENG-MANAGERS-owners group now has one additional  authorizer added so that requests to join or
leave the group can be approved or denied by either one of the two authorizers listed; MOHAMD or
HARRYJ.Configur e  authorizers from the w orkflo w  menu
All authorizers that are mapped to resources are listed in Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Authorizers .
From here, you can select individual authorizers to c on figur e  notific ation  and additional  security settings,
and view the resources to which they are assigned.
Let’s assume you want to give the company president, BRYANW  additional  authority when assigned as
authorizer:
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Authorizers . 1.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of authorizers. So far, all group authorizers are listed.
2.Search for and select BRYANW.2.3.Select the Denial blocks entir e  request  checkbox to allow the authorizer to be able to block an entir e 3.
request, rather than just part of a request.
4.Select the Input is required before request can be approved  checkbox to require the authorizer’s 4.
approval before any request to which he or she is assigned can proceed, regardless of the number of
authorizers who have already approved the request.
5.Click Update . 5.For the requests that BRYANW is an authorizer on, the request will not be approved until  BRYANW has
provided his authoriz ation.  If BRYANW denies the request the whole request will be denied instead of
only the part that required his authoriz ation.
Here is an example of how the denial process works for this advanced privilege:
1.DARAK puts in a request to join the following groups:1.
Group Authorizer
ENG-QA-GENERAL No approval required
FIN-GENERAL TRAVIC
EXEC BRYANW
2.Even though the ENG-QA-GENERAL group does not require authoriz ation,  the membership is not 2.
added until  the authorizers for other groups approve or deny the request.
3.TRAVIC decides to approve the request. The membership for the FIN-GENERAL group is also not added3.
yet because the request is still w aiting  for approval from BRYANW.
4.BRYANW denies the request and so none of the three group memberships are added.4.If we were to consider the alt ernativ e  scenario where BRYANW approves the request and TRAVIC denies
it, you will see how the denial privilege is only partial  for TRAVIC. Here is the same example, but with
BRYANW approving the request and TRAVIC denying it:
1.DARAK puts in a request again to join the following groups:1.
Group Authorizer
ENG-QA-GENERAL No approval required
FIN-GENERAL TRAVIC
EXEC BRYANW
2.Even though the ENG-QA-GENERAL does not require authoriz ation,  the membership is not added until 2.
the authorizers for other groups approve or deny the request.
3.BRYANW decides to approve the request. The memberships for the EXEC and ENG-QA-GENERAL3.
groups are not added yet because the request is still w aiting  for a response from TRAVIC.
4.TRAVIC denies the request, so only the membership for the FIN-GENERAL group that he is responsible4.
for gets denied. This demonstrates how regular authorizers only partially  deny requests where there
are multiple  authorizers required, since they only deny the resources that they are authorizers of.
Both the ENG-QA-GENERAL and EXEC group memberships get added successfully as only approval
from BRYANW is necessary.Lab: Con figuring  dynamic authoriz ation
In this example, you will set up authorizers for the target systems, so that when a user requests a change
to an e xisting  account, the recipient’s direct or indirect manager can authorize the request. An indirect
manager could be the manager’s manager, and so on, up the chain of command.
Requirements
This use case assumes:
▪Bravura Workforce P attern  is installed. ▪
▪There is an Activ e  Directory target system set up as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪User BERNAP manages user DARAK.▪
▪BRYANW's input is required for any group requests to which he in assigned, as c on figur ed  in Example: ▪
Con figur e  s t atic  authoriz ation  (on page 1341)
Assign dynamic authorizers to resources
To set up authorizers for e xisting  accounts:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Resources > Target systems > Manually de fined . 2.
3.Select the AD target. 3.
4.Click the Authoriz ation  tab. 4.
5.Change the Minimum number of authorizers  to 1. 5.
6.Change the Number of denials before a change request is terminated  to 1. 6.
7.Click Update  for the updated section. 7.
8.In the user classes table at the bottom  of the form, click Select… . 8.
9.Select the checkbox for _MANAGER_INDIRECT_ , and click Select . 9.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays an error because you have not mapped the participan ts  in the user
class yet.
10. Under P articipan t  mapping  for MANAGER, select AUTHORIZER . 10.
11. Under P articipan t  mapping  for SUBORDINATE, select REQUESTER . 11.