Criteria Description
Attribut e Type the discovered system attribut e  name to search
against.
Value Type the discovered system attribut e  value to search
against.
Discovered system Search for or type the ID of one or more discovered
systems to include in the report.
Target systems
Purpose : In f ormation  about c on figur ed  target systems.
Executable : target
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs for which you want to run the report. Alt ernativ ely ,
you can search for one or more
Target system description Type the description  of the target system to include in
the report.
Address Type the address of the target system to include in the
report.
Help URL Type the help URL of the target system to include in the
report.
Target system type Select one or more target system types to include in the
report. The list includes only target system types in use
with the instance.
This field  is not displayed if there is no data available.
Resource attribut e Select a target system resource attribut e  on which to
filt er .  You can select up to four attribut es.  The union of all
attribut es  c on figur ed  will be returned.
Comparison This field  is displayed if the Resource attribut e  field  is
something other than "Attribut e  not required".
Comparators available depend on the resource attribut e
type. Select:
▪is empty  if you want to search on empty values. ▪
▪is not empty  if you want to search on non empty ▪
values.
▪is equal to  if you want to search on values equal to a ▪
specified  string.
▪is not equal to  if you want to search on values not ▪
equal to a specified  string.Criteria Description
▪is less than  if you want to search on values that are ▪
less than a specific  integer.
▪is less than or equal to if you want to search on values ▪
that are less than or equal to a specific  integer.
▪is greater than  if you want to search on values that ▪
are greater than a specific  integer.
▪is greater than or equal to  if you want to search on ▪
values that are greater than or equal to a specific
integer.
▪is later than today + N days  if you want to search on ▪
dates that are later than N days after  today.
▪is earlier than, or equal to, today - N days  if you want ▪
to search on dates that are earlier or equal to N days
before today.
Value Type or select the value to compare. Required if Resource
attribut e  field  is something other than Attribut e  not
required, or Comparison field  is set to something other
than is empty or is not empty.
Resource attribut e  to display Choose which resource attribut es  to display alongside
the target system.
Target system group Select one or more target system groups to include in the
report. The list includes only target system groups in use
with the instance.
This field  is not displayed if there is no data available.
Report type Select a report type:
▪Show summary: summarizes the report. In this mode,▪
the report output includes target system in f ormation
as well as the last successful list time,  and the total
number of: accounts, managed groups, and
authorizers assigned to each target system.
▪Show accounts: shows the accounts on each target▪
system.
▪Show managed groups: shows the managed groups on▪
each target system.
▪Show authorizer: shows only the target systems that▪
have authorizers assigned, and lists their authorizers.
If you do not type any search criteria, Bravura Security Fabric  displays the summary report for all target
systems.
Roles and groups reports
Role assignments
Purpose : Provides in f ormation  about the users assigned to roles.Executable : roleassignment
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Roles Select one or more roles to include in the report.
User ID Type a pr ofile  ID to only display role assignments for the
specified  user. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or
more pr ofile  IDs.
Role assignment attribut es  to display Select one or more role membership attribut es  to include
in the report.
Role assignment attribut es Select a role membership attribut e  on which to filt er .  You
can select up to four attribut es.  The union of all
attribut es  c on figur ed  will be returned.
Summarize report Select this checkbox to show summary in f ormation  for
each role.
Minimum number of users Filter out rows that have less than the specified  threshold
value for number of users with the role. This option  is
only available if Summarize report  is selected.
Graph type Select a type of graph to generate for the report. This
option  is only available if Summarize report  is selected.
None : no graph will be generated.
Horizontal bar chart : a horizontal bar chart will be
generated for the report.
Number of rows for graph The maximum rows for graph to display. The selected
rows will be displayed with the number of entitlemen ts
in descending order.
Role de finitions
Purpose : Lists either the resources that are members of each role or authorizers that are assigned to
each role.
Executable : roledefinitions
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Roles Select one or more roles to include in the report.
Managed groups Type the long ID of one or more managed groups for
which you want to run the report. Only roles that contain
the specified  groups are included in the report. All groups
are included by default. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for
one or more managed groups.Criteria Description
Template accounts Select one or more template accounts. Only roles that
contain the specified  template accounts are included in
the report.
Sub-roles Select one or more sub-roles. Only roles that contain the
specified  sub-roles are included in the report.
Resource attribut e Filter results using a resource attribut e  and criteria. The
type of criteria is dependent on the attribut e  selected.
Up to four resource attribut e  filt er s  can be de fined.
Resource attribut e  to display Choose which resource attribut es  to display.
Necessity Select the necessity (Required, Optional,  Legacy), to only
include role-members with the specified  necessity. The
default is Show all.
Show authorizer Select this checkbox if you want generate a report listing
the authorizers for each matching role.
Show deprecated Select this checkbox to include only deprecated roles in
the report.
Summarize report Select this option  to summarize the report.
In this mode, the report includes a count of the number
of members and authorizers for each matching role.
If you do not specify any search criteria, the report output includes all (non-deprecated) roles and their
members.
If JavaScript is enabled, then Template accounts and Sub-roles only appear if they exist as role
entitlemen ts.  For example, if a template account is added as a role entitlemen t,  then Template accounts
option  appears for this report.
Role e x ceptions
Purpose : Lists approved e x ceptions  to role enforcement violations.
Executable : roleexceptions
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
User ID Type a user’s pr ofile  ID to only list e x ceptions  that apply
to that user. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more
pr ofile  IDs.
Roles Select one or more roles to include in the report.
Managed groups Type the long ID of one or more managed groups for
which you want to run the report. Only e x ceptions  that
apply to the specified  groups are included in the report.Criteria Description
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more managed
groups.
Templates accounts Select one or more template accounts. Only e x ceptions
that apply to the specified  templates are included in the
report.
Show authorizer Select this checkbox if you want the report output to list
the authorizers for each e x ception.
Authorizer ID Type a user’s pr ofile  ID to list the e x ceptions  for which
the user is an authorizer. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for
one or more pr ofile  IDs. You must also select the Show
authorizer checkbox.
Role e x ception Select the type of e x ception  to include in the report:
De ficit  or Surplus. The default is De ficit.
Show summary Select this checkbox to summarize the report.
In this mode, the report includes a count of the number
of matching e x ceptions  for each user and role
c ombination.
Graph type Select a type of graph to generate for the summarized
report. This option  shows when the Show summary
option  is checked.
None : no graph will be generated.
Horizontal bar chart : a horizontal bar chart will be
generated for the summarized report.
Number of rows for graph The maximum rows for graph to display, the selected
rows will be displayed with the number of requests in
descending order. This option  will show when the
Horizontal bar chart is selected as the graph type.
Role history
Purpose : Audit trail of changes to role de finitions.
Executable : roleaudit
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Roles Select one or more roles to include in the report.
User ID Type in the console user to audit.
Choose date range Choose one of the following options  to de fine  a date
range for role oper ations:
Date not required : Select this option  to create a report of
all role history.Criteria Description
Use r elativ e  date
It is recommended that you use a r elativ e  date for
your date range when you schedule a report. This
ensures that the date range would be valid when
the schedule report executes.
Choosing Use r elativ e  date  makes a drop-down list
appear, which allows you to select the type of
r elativ e  date. A r elativ e  date is calculated based on
the day that the report is executed. The following
options  are available in the drop-down list:
All time  value ranges are from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
R elativ e  date options
Option Description
Current day The 24 hour period that the report is executed within,
from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
Current calendar week The current seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday August 1st to
Saturday August 7th.
Current month The current month from beginning to end, determined by
the day the report is executed. For example, if the report
is run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
August 1st to August 31st.
Current quarter The current quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
July 1st to September 30th.
Current year The current year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2010-01-01 to 2010-12-31.
Previous day The previous 24 hour period, from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59,
determined by the time  the report is executed.
Previous calendar week The previous seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday July 25th to
Saturday July 31st.Criteria Description
Option Description
Previous month The previous month from beginning to end, determined
by the day the report is executed. For example, if the
report is run on August 3rd, then the date range would
be from July 1st to July 31st.
Previous quarter The previous quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
April 1st to June 30th.
Previous year The previous year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2009-01-01 to 2009-12-31.
: Oper ations  are only included in the report output if
their start time  falls within the selected r elativ e  date
range.
Use selected date
You can de fine  a specific  date range for your report.
The fir s t da t e/time  field  selects the earliest start
time  to include, and the second selects the latest.
Criteria Description
The start time  is the time  that the report was
executed. To set a selected date range:
1.Click the upper da t e/time  field  to specify the 1.
start date and hour.
2.Type a start time  in HH:MM format if you do not 2.
want to start on the hour.
3.Click the lower da t e/time  field  to specify the end 3.
date and hour.
4.Type an end time  in HH:MM format if you do not 4.
want to start on the hour.
The allowed years range from 1970 to 2038
: Oper ations  are only included in the report output if
their start time  falls within the selected date and time.
Use within the last N days : Oper ations  are only included
in the report output if their start time  falls within the
specified  last number of days.
Use N or more days ago : Oper ations  are only included in
the report output if their start time  was more than the
specified  number of days ago.
Oper ation Select one or more oper ations  that you want an audit
report for. Default is all oper ations.
Incomplete roles
Purpose : Identif y  roles that have users with too many surpluses or de ficits.
Which roles have many users that, in turn, have many out-of-role entitlemen ts?  How many out-of-role
entitlemen ts  do users assigned each role have, on average? This suggests either incomplete role
de finitions  (add entitlemen ts)  or users that do not fit well into a role model.
Executable : roleincomplete
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Roles Select one or more roles to include in the report.
Minimum number of users Filter out rows that have less than the specified  threshold
value for number of users with the role.
Lower bound on the average number of out-of-role
entitlemen ts  held by users in the roleFilter out rows that have less than the specified  threshold
value for average number of out-of-role (surplus)
entitlemen ts.
Summarize report Select this checkbox to summarize the report details.Roles violating  segr eg ation  of duties  rules
Purpose : Identif y  roles whose de finition  violates segr eg ation  of duties  rules.
Executable : roledefviolatingsod
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Roles Select one or more roles to include in the report.
Segr eg ation  of duties  rules Select one or more SoD rules to include in the report.
Groups
Purpose : Provides details about membership and s t atistics  of managed groups. Also reports unmanaged
groups.
Executable : groupmembership
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Group ID Search for the group you want to report on. Alt ernativ ely ,
you can type the long ID of a group or a pattern  of group
IDs using wildcard characters, ’*’ r epr esenting  any string
of characters and ’?’ r epr esenting  any single character. All
groups are included by default.
Report type Select a report type:
Show managed groups summary : Select this option  to
only show groups that are managed, and the total
number of members for each group. Selecting  this report
type displays the Resource attribut e  to display input field.
Show managed group and authoriz ation  summar y:
Select this option  to only show groups that are managed.
In this mode, the report output also includes the total
number of members and authorizers for each group.
Show managed group member s: Select this option  to
only show groups that are managed, and to list their
direct and indirect members (both accounts and child
groups). Selecting  this report type displays the Include
deleted memberships and Memberships deleted by:
input fields.
Show unmanaged groups : Select this option  to only
show groups that are not managed.
Show managed group authorizers : Select this option  to
only show groups that are managed, and to list theirCriteria Description
authorizers. The report includes all authorizers for all
managed groups.
Override authoriz ation  c on figur ation Select a override type:
Show all : Only include managed groups regardless of
authoriz ation  c on figur ation  inheritance.
Only use inherited c on figur ation  Only include managed
accounts groups that include only authoriz ation
c on figur ation  from the target system.
Do not inherit any c on figur ation  Only include managed
groups that do not include any authoriz ation
c on figur ation  inheritance set by the target system.
Include inherited c on figur ation  Only include managed
groups that include any authoriz ation  c on figur ation
inheritance set by the target system.
None Only include managed groups where the target
does not include inheritance.
Resource attribut e  to display Available for the all report types except Show
unmanaged groups report type. Choose which resource
attribut es  to display alongside the managed groups.
Member type Only available for the Show managed group members
report type. Select the member types to display:
▪Account▪
▪Group▪
Leaving it blank is the same as selecting  all types.
Minimum depth Only available for the Show managed group members
report  type. The report will only output members that
have a depth greater than or equal to this value. The
default value is 1.
Depth indicates what level of membership an account or
group has to the managed group. A depth of 1 means
they are a direct member of the group. A depth of 2
means they are a member of a direct child group.
Maximum depth (-1=in finit e) Only available for the Show managed group members
report type. The report will only output members that
have a depth less than or equal to this value. A value of
-1 means it will output all members that have a depth
greater than or equal to the Minimum depth. The default
value is -1.
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs for which you want to run the report. Alt ernativ ely ,
you can search for one or more target systems.
Include invalid groups Include or exclude groups that may have become invalid
during the last auto discovery.