▪These items have been flag g ed  as risky, because they have a low consistency score and a high risk ▪
attribut e  value, and are identified  as r e v oc ation  candidates with a small red flag on the upper right
part of the revoke action  icon:
As reviewer you can choose to click on the alert icon to open the request wizard and complete the
request.
As reviewer you can override any of the above actions  or edit the note by clicking the appropriate
symbol.
Setting  up for single user certific ations
product administrator  s with relevant privileges can manage or initia t e  certific ations  involving multiple
users. You can set up Bravura Security Fabric  to allow end users to quickly review the entitlemen ts  of a
single user via the user’s pr ofile  page.
Bravura Security Fabric  applies a tw o-participan t  user class, for example _MANAGER_DIRECT_, to
determine whether user X can initia t e  a certific ation  of user Y . If permitted,  then an Initia t e  a review of
all entitlemen ts  option  is available on user Y’s pr ofile  page.
To set up to allow single user certific ations:
1.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to user pr ofile s > Delegated adminis tr ation  rules > Add 1.
new… .
2.Enter an ID and Description  for the new rule. 2.
3.Select the Initia t e  a review of all entitlemen ts  privilege. 3.4.Click Add. 4.
5.Select Membership criteria . 5.
6.Click Select… to use an e xisting  user class, for example, _MANAGER_DIRECT_, or click <Plusnew> Add 6.
new… to create a new user class.
The user class must be a tw o-participan t  user class.
7. Con figur e  the participan t  mapping; for example, if using the _MANAGER_DIRECT_ user class, map 7.
MANAGER to REQUESTER and SUBORDINATE to RECIPIENT to allow managers to initia t e  a review of
entitlemen ts  of their direct subordinates.
8.Click Update . 8.To test this setup:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a user who satis fies  the requester participan t  criteria; for example 1.
a manager if you are using the MANAGER_DIRECT user class.
2.Click View and update pr ofile  in the Otherusers section. 2.
3.Select a user who satis fies  the recipient criteria to view their pr ofile  in f ormation  and resources page. 3.
4.Click Initia t e  a review of all entitlemen ts . 4.
It can take a moment before the certific ation  campaign is ready for review. Click on Refresh to refresh
the page.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a link based on the saved setup:5.Click the link to open the certific ation  review app. 5.You can run the Entitlemen t  review privileges report to list who can run a single user certific ation  for
which users.
Save a default c on figur ation
SINGLE_USER_CERTIFICATION_DEFAULT_CAMPAIGN is the default setup for a single user certific ation
campaign. You can modify this setup on the Saved certific ation  setups page. To use another setup, type
the ID of the saved setup in the CERT SINGLE USER CONFIGURATION field  at Manage the system  >
Modules  >Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) .Managing the certific ation  process
This chapter shows you how to create, save, schedule, and start certific ation  campaigns.
Getting  started
Requirements 
Before you start, see Setting  up access certific ation  (on page 2520) for a full list of pre-requisites. The
following security privileges control access to the Manage c ertific ation  process  (cert) module:
▪Product administrator s with the ”Manage certific ation  process” adminis tr ativ e  privilege can initia t e ▪
certific ation  campaigns with multiple  reviewers.
▪Product administrator with the ”Initia t e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns” adminis tr ativ e  privilege ▪
can initia t e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns with a single reviewer.
Users with the ”Initia t e  a review of all entitlemen ts”  privilege can initia t e  a quick certific ation  of a single
user via the View and update profile  (IDR) module.  
See also: 
Reviewing entitlemen ts  for a user  in End User Documen t ation  shows you how to start a quick review of a
single user from the View and update pr ofile  menu.  
Na vig ation  steps 
Use the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) module to create, save, schedule and start a certific ation
campaign. To begin:
1.Click Manage certific ation  process  or Initia t e  entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns . 1.
The option  that is available to you depends on your product administrator  privileges.
2.Click:2.
▪ Activ e  campaigns  (on page 2567) to view in f ormation  about campaigns that are in progress ▪
▪Start entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign  (on page 2569) to add a new certific ation  campaign ▪
▪Start c on figur ation  certific ation  campaign  (on page 2593) to add a new certific ation  campaign ▪
▪Saved certific ation  setups  (on page 2597) to select a saved certific ation  setup ▪
▪Scheduled campaigns  (on page 2625) to view in f ormation  about campaigns that are scheduled ▪
View activ e  campaigns
To view activ e  certific ation  campaigns:
1.Navigate to the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) module  (on page 2567) and select Activ e 1.
campaigns .2.Select an activ e  campaign to display details. 2.Cancel activ e  campaigns
To cancel activ e  certific ation  campaigns:
1.Navigate to the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) module  (on page 2567) and select Activ e 1.
campaigns .
2.To cancel the campaign, select the campaign and click Cancel campaign . 2.
Create an entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign
To create a new certific ation  campaign, click Manage certific ation  process  > Start entitlemen t
certific ation  campaign .
The certific ation  setup menu for new campaigns includes a series of tabbed pages to guide you through
the process of cr eating  a certific ation  campaign. The fir s t page in the series allows you to select the
entitlemen ts  or c on figur ations  that will be part of the campaign. You can proceed through the required
steps by clicking Next: <tab>  or clicking any tab on the certific ation  menu to:1.Select entitlemen ts  to review 1.
Entitlemen ts  are resources that have been assigned to users. For the purposes of certific ation  they
can include:
▪Target systems▪
▪Roles▪
▪Managed groups▪
▪ Segr eg ation  of duties  rules ▪
▪ Pr ofiles▪
▪ Pr ofile  attribut es ▪
When entitlemen ts  are assigned to a user via a role, they can only be c ertified  through that role.
Reviewers cannot view or c ertif y  the member entitlemen ts  individually.
Empty manage groups will not be shown in group selection  list.
To select an entitlemen t  on which to certif y  users:
1.Navigate to the c on figur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.Select the Items to review tab, then select the entitlemen ts  you want to certif y . 2.