If you select All, a question  mark is displayed next to the entitlemen t  to indicate that late binding is
in e ff ect.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a warning if the number of selected entitlemen ts  exceeds the
threshold de fined  by CERT SIZE WARNING THRESHOLD (Manage the system  > Modules  > Manage
certific ation  process (CERT) ).
When you select an individual entitlemen t,  the Selected column is updated when you click one of
the icons in the E ntitlemen t  type column, Next , or another c ertific ation  tab.
3.Click Next: Users or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 3.Next: 
Select users to review for entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns.
2.Select users to review for entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns 2.
By default, all users associated with selected entitlemen ts  are reviewed during a certific ation
campaign. To view the total number of users for each entitlemen t,  select the Users tab on the
c on figur ation  page for a new or saved round:
To limit a certific ation  campaign to selected individual users:
1.Navigate to the c on figur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.Click the Users tab, then a sub-tab to specify 2.
▪Selected users▪
Search for, or browse to select individual users, then click Select .
▪Membership in user class▪▪Select e xisting  user classes: Enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want to add, then ▪
click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click Create a new user class  (on page 738). ▪
▪Edit e xisting  user classes: Click the edit 
 icon to modify e xisting  user classes.  (on page 803) ▪
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  the user segments you want reviewed.
Next: 
Select attribut es  to display during entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign to determine the user
in f ormation  you want to be available to reviewers.
3.Select attribut es  to display during entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign 3.
You can make user in f ormation,  de fined  by pr ofile  and request attribut es,  available to reviewers to
assist them in their reviews. Reviewers can choose which attribut es  to include in their review list.
Note: Reviewers must have appropriate permissions to view the attribut es.
To select attribut es  to be available for display:
1.Navigate to the c on figur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.Click the Attribut es  to display tab. 2.3.To add attribut es,  click Select… , choose the applicable attribut es  and click Select . 3.
4.Drag and drop one of the double dir ection  arrows in the ID field  to change the attribut es’  order in 4.
the list.
5.Click Update to apply changes. 5.
6.Click Next: R emediation  or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 6.
The shipped default selection  is EMAIL and PROFILE_PIC, which is determined by membership of the
CERT_ATTR_TO_DISPLAY attribut e  group.  
Next: 
Select resource attribut es  to display during certific ation  campaign to determine the resource
in f ormation  you want to be available to reviewers.
4.Select resource attribut es  to display during entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign 4.
You can make resource in f ormation,  de fined  by resource attribut es,  available to reviewers to assist
them in their reviews. Reviewers can choose which resource attribut es  to include in their review list.
Note: Reviewers must have appropriate permissions to view these resource
attribut es.
To select resource attribut es  to be available for display:
1.Navigate to the config ur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.Click the Resource attribut es  to display tab. 2.3.To add resource attribut es,  click Select… , choose the applicable resource attribut es  and click Select . 3.
4.Drag and drop one of the double dir ection  arrows in the ID field  to change the attribut es’  order in 4.
the list.
5.Click Update to apply changes. 5.
6.Click Next: R emediation  or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 6.
Next: 
Selecting  pr e-de fined  requests for r emediation .
5.Select pr e-de fined  requests for r emediation  in entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns 5.
You can specify the r emediation  – that is, what happens to an entitlemen t  after  it is revoked in the
entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign – by selecting  a pr e-de fined  request  (on page 1311). In most cases,
the request will be submitted  after  the reviewer has signed off the entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign.
You can specify more than one pr e-de fined  request for a r emediation  type. In this case, users choose
which request to submit when they revoke the entitlemen t.
Some special requests are submitted  immediately and may not be triggered by a reviewer revoking an
entitlemen t.  These requests include:
▪Add pr ofile ▪
▪Transfer a user▪
▪Resolve segr eg ation  of duties  rules ▪
Note: Pr ofile  attribut es  must be included in the certific ation  campaign to allow
reviewers to create a new user from the certific ation  app.
To select pr e-de fined  requests for r emediation:
1.Navigate to the c on figur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.Click the R emediation  tab: 2.Each selected r emediation  type, except for Add pr ofile , is already loaded with built-in pr e-de fined
requests for certific ation.  For the Add pr ofile  r emediation  type, you must de fine  a pr e-de fined
request if you want users to be able to create new users from the certific ation  app review page.  (on
page 2540)
3.To select another pr e-de fined  request, click on the field  next to the r emediation  type. 3.
4.Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of pr e-de fined  requests available for that r emediation  type: 4.
Note: Pr e-de fined  requests must be c on figur ed  to be Accessible from
certific ation , with the appropriate R emediation  type selected.
5.Click on the request you want to add.5.
6.Click Update . 6.
7.Click Next: Attribut es  to review or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 7.
Next: 
If you included pr ofile  attribut es  in items to review, select attribut es  to review to determine the user
in f ormation  you want to be reviewed; otherwise, select the reviewers.
6.Select attribut es  to review for entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns 6.
You can make user in f ormation,  de fined  by pr ofile  and request attribut es,  available to be reviewed.
The Attribut es  to review tab becomes available if you included pr ofile  attribut es  in the Items to
review tab. This is diff er en t  from the Attribut es  to display page as attribut es  selected here can be
edited by the reviewer.
Reviewers must have appropriate permissions to view and edit the attribut es.
To select attribut es  to be editable in a review:
1.Navigate to the c on figur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.If the Attribut es  to review tab is not available, click the Items to review tab and click Yes to include 2.
review of pr ofile  attribut es.
3.Click the Attribut es  to review tab to set the pr e-de fined  request that will de fine  which attribut es  to 3.
display for the certific ation  campaign:The pr e-de fined  request used to update pr ofile  attribut es,  listed in the upper table, de fines  the
attribut es  listed in the lower table and their order. To be selectable here, the pr e-de fined  request
may only have one attribut e  group.
The order of the attribut es  is de fined  by the attribut e  group.
4.Click on the drop-down list to select another pr e-de fined  request. Only one may be selected for 4.
each certific ation  campaign.
5.Click Update to apply changes. 5.
6.Click Next: Reviewers or another certific ation  tab to proceed. 6.The default pr e-de fined  request for attribut es  to review contains the attribut es  FIRST_NAME,
LAST_NAME, OTHER_NAME, and PROFILE_PIC.  
Next:
Select  reviewers.
7.Select reviewers for entitlemen t  certific ation  campaigns 7.
Note: Product administrators with the Manage certific ation  process
adminis tr ativ e  privilege can initia t e  certific ation  campaigns with multiple
reviewers. Product administrators with the Initia t e  entitlemen t
certific ation  campaigns adminis tr ativ e  privilege can only initia t e
certific ation  campaigns with a single reviewer.
To determine who will certif y  users and privileges:
1.Navigate to the c on figur ation  page for a new or saved campaign. 1.
2.Click the Reviewers tab, then select a sub-tab to select: 2.
▪Single reviewer▪
Use the single reviewer method when one person is easily able to review the access rights of
your entir e  user population,  or all the c on figur ations  included in the campaign.
Search or browse the list to select the reviewer.  
Next: Select peer groups for consistency c alculations.
▪Segment reviewers for entitlemen ts ▪
When you use the segment method, you c on figur e  reviewers for segments of the user
population  based on user classes. This allows you to divide the work among multiple  reviewers.
You can also select a reviewer to review users who do not belong to any of the selected classes.
Note: It is possible for reviewers to be asked to certif y  “empty” segments.
Reviewers can, in e ff ect,  be asked to certif y  that there are no users in a
particular  user class, or not included in a user class.
To de fine  segments and assign reviewers:
1.Add user classes as segments:1.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes ▪
you want to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click Create a new user class  (on page 738). ▪
▪Edit e xisting  user classes: Click the edit 
 icon to modify e xisting  user classes  (on page ▪
803).
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  segments.
