Registering for password s ynchr oniz ation  as a self-service user
When you change your password on certain systems, Bravura Security Fabric  can:
▪Subject the password to an or g aniz ation’ s  password policy and reject it if it does not meet security ▪
requirements.
▪Trigger transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  for other accounts on other systems that belong to you. ▪
This means you may have the same password for a group of accounts, or possibly all of your accounts.
Aut omatic  (or transparent) password s ynchr oniz ation  is currently available for the following types of
trigger systems:
▪Windows servers and Activ e  Directory domains ▪
▪OS/390 with RACF, ACF2 or TopSecret security▪
▪Unix/Linux servers▪
▪Sun/Oracle and IBM LDAP servers▪
▪OS/400 servers▪
If transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  has been set up for a system that you use, and the Password
s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  module has been enabled, you must register before it is activ a t ed.
To register for transparent password s ynchr oniz ation:
1.From the main menu , click Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation . 1.
2.Read the in f ormation  on the Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  page and ensure that you understand 2.
it.
3.Click Register . 3.
To disable transparent password s ynchr oniz ation,  click Remove me  on the Password s ynchroniz ation
regis tration  page.
Disabling password s ynchroniz ation  only takes aff ect  after  the transparent password s ynchroniz ation
service is stopped and restarted, which usually takes place during auto discovery. Password changes
c ontinue  to trigger s ynchroniz ation  until  the update.
Once you are registered for transparent password s ynchr oniz ation,  you should expect the following
changes:
▪When you change your own password on a supported system, the new password must meet the▪
security requirements de fined  on the Bravura Security Fabric  server. To see these requirements,
access the  Password s ynchroniz ation  regis tration  page.
If you try to change your password to a new value that violates the security policy, the password
change fails. Depending on the type of system that you change your password on, you may or may not
get an in f ormativ e  error message.
▪ After  successfully changing your password on the targeted system, Bravura Security Fabric ▪
aut omatic ally  changes your password on every other system that it supports to the same new value.
This s ynchr oniz ation  process is intended to simplify your passwords, by eliminating  the need to
remember a diff er en t  password for every system.Part III Phone Password ManagerOverview of Phone Password Manager
Phone Password Manager™ is a turn-key telephony-enabled password reset solution.  It allows users to:
▪Reset their own f or g otten  or expired passwords on one or more systems ▪
▪Clear intruder lockouts on one or more of their own accounts▪
▪Manage their own RSA SecurID tokens▪
Phone Password Manager is useful for mobile and remote users who cannot readily access a web user
interface for self service or who may be accustomed to g etting  service from the IT or g aniz ation  via
telephone.
Architecture
At minimum, a typical Phone Password Manager deployment consists of the following servers:
▪A Bravura Pass  server running the API SOAP Service ( idapisoap ) ▪
This service allows applic ations  to access Bravura Pass  functionality  using the Password Manager
Remote API.
▪A separate In t er activ e  Voice Response (IVR) server with Phone Password Manager installed, and ▪
running either the Phone Password Manager module service, and/or the VoIP Telephony Service
The Phone Password Manager service is an IVR applic ation  that interacts with either hardware voice
boards, the Asterisk®  framework, or host media processing softw ar e  installed on the system to
receive incoming calls and provide responses to the user. It uses the pspushpass.dll library to
communicate with the API SOAP Service ( idapisoap ) on the Bravura Pass  server.
It is recommended that your Bravura Pass and Phone Password Manager servers are hosted on
separate hardware, as this c onfiguration  has several advantages over a single server setup. Installing
both of these products on the same hardware means that both servers need to be shut down in the
event maintenance is required.
The diagram below shows a typical Phone Password Manager ins t allation.  The physical layout of the
Phone Password Manager solution  varies depending on the needs of your or g aniz ation.
In t er activ e  Voice Response in t egr ation  architectureExample process
The following example illustrates how end-users can use their telephones to authentic a t e  to Phone
Password Manager using Bravura Pass  challenge-response, and reset their password to a new, random
value:1.User : forgets password or triggers intruder lockout. 1.
2.User : dials the support number, and is connected to the Phone Password Manager server. 2.
3.Phone Password Manager server : prompts the user to key in numeric ID. 3.
4.User : keys in the ID. 4.
5.Phone Password Manager server : sends a request to the Bravura Pass  server. 5.
6.Bravura Pass  server : looks up the user’s pr ofile. 6.
7.Bravura Pass  server : returns a random subset of the user’s fix ed-leng th  numeric pr e-de fined 7.
questions  to Phone Password Manager.
8.Phone Password Manager server : prompts the user to answer the selected questions. 8.
9.User : keys in (numeric) answers to the selected questions,  or answers questions  verbally, depending 9.
on c on figur ation.
10. Phone Password Manager server : forwards answers to the Bravura Pass  server. 10.
11. Bravura Pass  server : evaluates the validity of the user’s cr edentials,  and either allows them access, 11.
repeats the login process, or pot entially  triggers a lockout.
12. Phone Password Manager server : prompts the user to select reset password or unlock account. 12.
13. User : navigates the audio menu, and requests a password reset. 13.
14. Phone Password Manager server : prompts the user to select on target systems. 14.
15. User : selects an individual target system or all target systems. 15.
16. Phone Password Manager server : invokes secure API/RPC to request a random password for this user, 16.
on the target or target systems the user selected.
17. Bravura Pass  server : generates a random, policy-compliant password value. 17.
18. Bravura Pass  server : implements the password reset on the target system or target systems the user 18.
selected.
19. Phone Password Manager server : enunciates the password, and prompts the user if to reset another 19.
password.
20. Bravura Pass  server : if c on figur ed,  writes a tick e t  to a call tracking system. 20.
21. Bravura Pass  server : if c on figur ed,  sends the user a c on firmation  email. 21.Setup Task Checklist for Phone Password Manager
You can set up Phone Password Manager using either voice boards or VoIP softw ar e  depending on the
structure of your phone system.
Depending on your chosen setup, you must c on figur e  either:
▪The Dialogic®  card, Dialogic®  driver, Bravura Pass  softw ar e,  and Phone Password Manager softw ar e ▪
to all work together.
Or
▪The Phone Password Manager softw ar e,  Bravura Pass  softw ar e,  and Dialogic®  PowerMedia Host ▪
Media Processing softw ar e  to all work together.
Or
▪The Phone Password Manager softw ar e,  Bravura Pass  softw ar e,  and an Asterisk®  server to work ▪
together.
Support for use of the Dialogic® voice board with Phone Password Manager™ is being deprecated. It is
recommended to use the Asterisk® server and framework for in t egration  with Phone Password
Manager™ and Bravura Pass.
This is a simple process, but it can become complicated if steps are skipped or performed incorrectly.
The success of your Phone Password Manager project depends largely on the proper set up and
c onfiguration  of your PBX system. Bravura Security strongly recommends that you involve an in house
expert, or hire an outside consultant, to set up your system.
Use this checklist as a guide to ensure that you complete each step:
1. Con figur e  the in t er activ e  voice response (IVR) backend: 1.
▪If using voice boards:▪
a.Review the IVR server requirements and designate a machine  (on page 1749). a.
b.Calculate the number and size of voice boards that you will require  (on page 1749). b.
c.Select and purchase the voice board that best suits your needs  (on page 1751). c.
It is important to select a board that has voice c apabilities  and is c ompatible  with your e xisting
telephony infrastructure.
d.Have a phone technician assign additional  phone lines if required  (on page 1751). d.
It is important that the phone lines match the type of voice board that you will be using (analog vs.
digital).
e.Install the voice boards, drivers, and System Release softw ar e  (on page 1752). e.
f.Test your system to ensure that it is functioning  correctly and that the boards are responding to f.
external calls.
▪If using VoIP Softw ar e: ▪
a.Review the IVR server requirements and designate a machine  (on page 1752). a.
b.Install the Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing (HMP) Softw ar e.  (on page 1752) b.▪If using Asterisk® :▪
a.Determine which Asterisk® dis tribution  is right for your or g aniz ation,  and install  (on page 1753). a.
b.Integrate Asterisk® and Phone Password Manager  (on page 1754). b.
c. Con figur e  any VoIP softphones  you may require  (on page 1755). c.
▪If deploying biometric voice print v erific ation  on the Phone Password Manager server: ▪
a.Install the VoiceVantage softw ar e  (on page 1777). a.
2. Con figur e  the Bravura Pass  server. 2.
a.Use setup to install Bravura Pass . a.
During ins t allation  and c on figur ation,  ensure that you keep a record of the following in f ormation  in
a safe loc ation,  as it will be required when installing and c on figuring  Phone Password Manager:
▪Host name or IP address of the Bravura Pass  server. ▪
▪Name and password of the API caller.▪
▪Web address and Port that the API SOAP Service is listening on.▪
▪ Communic ation  encr yption  key. ▪
b. Con figur e  the API caller  (on page 1757). b.
c. Optional:  Con figur e  custom authentic ation  questions  (on page 1773). c.
d.If you have not already done so, c on figur e  target systems, and run auto discovery to list users. d.
e.Ensure that the password policy on the Bravura Pass  server matches the password policies of any e.
target system where Phone Password Manager users have accounts. If they do not match, then
password changes will eventually fail on the target systems.
3.Install Phone Password Manager, and c on figur e  Bravura Pass  in t egr ation: 3.
a.Install Phone Password Manager  (on page 1759). a.
b. Optional:  Edit the c on figur ation  files (on page 1764). b.
Do this if your board c on figur ation  diff er s  from what the Phone Password Manager installer auto-
detected, or if you want to modify the default settings.
c.Determine how user IDs will map to telephone keypads  (on page 1771). c.
d.Supply additional  vocals as required  (on page 1768). d.
e. Optional:  Con figur e  Phone Password Manager to support multiple  languages  (on page 1770). e.
Do this if you intend the Phone Password Manager system to off er  support for languages other
than English.
f. Optional:  Write new scripts, or modify the e xisting  call logic script  (on page 1767). f.
The default script allows users to log in, authentic a t e  using challenge-response questions  stored in
Bravura Pass , and perform the following oper ations:  reset passwords, unlock accounts, or manage
tokens (If c on figur ed).
g.If required, modify \<Instance>\service\pspushpass.cfg to c on figur e: g.
▪Bravura Pass  server address. ▪
▪API Service (idapi) address, port, and authentic ation  settings. ▪
▪SSL Settings  (on page 1790). ▪4. Con figur e  Phone Password Manager security and call handling: 4.
▪If you want Phone Password Manager to authentic a t e  users by pr ompting  them with questions ▪
from their Bravura Pass  security question  pr ofiles,  c on figur e  Phone Password Manager question
sets (on page 1773).
Question  sets and questions  must be enabled specific ally  for Phone Password Manager in t egr ation.
To do this, navigate to the Question  set in f ormation  page and enable the "Ask telephone users to
answer questions  from this set" option.
▪To set up voiceprint authentic ation,  c on figur e  the Generate voice print enrollment PIN (PSI) ▪
module  (on page 1777).
▪If you want Phone Password Manager to be able to recognize spoken words and playback text as▪
audible speech, c on figur e  speech r ec ognition  and text-to-speech  (on page 1780).
▪If you want Phone Password Manager to selectiv ely  answer calls, or to make outbound calls, ▪
c on figur e  call modes  (on page 1784).
▪If you are using VoIP , and you want to be able to transfer IVR calls, c on figur e  the TransferCall ▪
function  (on page 1786).
▪If you want Phone Password Manager to use HTTPS encr yption,  c on figur e  the Bravura Security ▪
Fabric server  (on page 1790).
5.Test your system to ensure that users can log in to the IVR system and perform the supported5.
oper ations  using a telephone.Con figuring  the IVR Server
This chapter describes how to set up your IVR server. Do not install any softw ar e  or hardware until  you
have read and understood all of the in f ormation  in this chapter.
The c on figur ation  requirements diff er  depending on your phone system:
▪Dialogic® voice boards  (on page 1749) ▪
▪Dialogic® PowerMedia Host Media Processing Softw ar e  (on page 1752) ▪
▪ As t erisk®Softw ar e  (on page 1753) ▪
Support for use of the Dialogic® voice board with Phone Password Manager™ is being deprecated. It is
recommended to use the Asterisk® server and framework for in t egration  with Phone Password
Manager™ and Bravura Pass.
Con figuring  Dialogic® voice boards
IVR server requirements
In order to work with Phone Password Manager, your IVR server must be c on figur ed  as follows:
Oper ating  system
Phone Password Manager requires Micr osoft  Windows Server 2012 at current service packs.
System Release softw ar e
You must install both the hardware and the Dialogic® System Release 6.0+ PCI for Windows, including the
latest service update. This System Release softw ar e  is available from your vendor, though an e v aluation
version is also available.
For more in f ormation  about the System Release contact your vendor or visit:
http://w w w .dialogic.c om/ en/pr oducts/media/ s y s t em-r elease-softw ar e/
Additional  softw ar e
If you will be deploying biometric voice print v erific ation  on the IVR server, you must also purchase and
install VoiceVantage softw ar e.
For more in f ormation  about VoiceVantage contact sales@bravurasecurity.com .
Calculating  the number and size of voice boards
The number of boards to install and the size of each board depends on the following factors:
▪On average, how long does each call take to complete?▪
▪How many calls must be processed at one time? ▪
▪How many users are in your or g aniz ation? ▪
▪What features will be provided?▪▪What is the expiry interval for passwords?▪
▪How many calls per day does the help desk currently receive for f or g otten  passwords? ▪
▪What percentage of those calls are expected to be offloaded  to Phone Password Manager? ▪
We can calculate the number of phone lines needed by taking the average call dur ation,  which we
determined to be two and a half minutes, and determining how many calls a single line can handle in an
hour:
calls per line per hour (CALLSPERLINE) = 3600 sec/hr X 1 call/150 sec = 24 calls/hr
We can then calculate the minimum number of required lines:
number of lines needed (NLINES) = number of calls received per hour / CALLSPERLINE
This formula is illustrated in the following example.
Example
Global Enterprises has 80,000 users. Users are required to change their passwords every 30 days. We can
estima t e  the number of calls received per hour based on the following assumptions:
▪If 10,000 users a month forget their passwords, and if the Phone Password Manager service handles▪
all password change requests, a total of 90,000 calls will go through the Phone Password Manager
service every month.
▪If there are 20 work days in the average month, there will be 4,500 password change requests every▪
day.
▪If password change requests are distributed evenly throughout the 24-hour period, the Phone▪
Password Manager service will receive approximately 188 password change requests every hour.
Using this example:
NLINES = 188 / 24 = 7.8 (round up to 8)
An 8-port board (or two 4-port boards) is the absolute minimum required to support 188 calls / hr. Keep
in mind that this is the minimum requirement. To allow for growth within your or g aniz ation,  we
recommend in this case that a 12-port board be used.
To make the example more applicable to the real world, the following facts must be taken into
c onsider ation:
▪Calls will not be evenly distributed throughout the day.▪
▪Users will also be performing other tasks (like unlocking accounts) at the same time. ▪
▪Your or g aniz ation  will grow over time. ▪
Your c alculations  can be made more r ealistic  by changing the numbers in the formula to account for peak
call times  and adding in other requests that might have to be processed. For example, you might expect
50% of the calls in a single day to occur between 8:00 am and 10:00 am. That means you could receive up
to 1,125 calls per hour. You might also receive 200 account unlock requests within an hour, thus bringing
the number of pot ential  calls in an hour to 1,325. In this case, you need to decide whether to buy the
necessary hardware to support that volume of calls, or to allow users to be put on hold for a short time
until  a line becomes available.