Team group members can be assigned the following privileges:
Approvers Users who allow or disallow access requests.
Note : Approvers are also referred to as authorizers in the core Bravura Security
Fabric  c on figur ation  and documen t ation.
Auto_Approved Users who can check-out access to accounts without making an access request.
These users must also have permission to request access.
Cr edential_Manag er User who can override or randomize the stored password on a checked-out
account. These users must also have the Requesters privilege.
Requesters Users who can make access requests.
Account_Trustees Users who can make account management requests; for example, onboard
accounts.
System_Trustees Users who can make system management requests; for example, onboard
privileged systems.
Vault_Trustees Users who can make vault management requests; for example, create and update
team vaults and accounts.
Team_Trustees Users who can make team management requests.
LC_Trustees Users who can make large cr edential  management requests; for example,
uploading and updating  encrypted files,  including SSH keys and password
protected code signing certific a t es.
OTP_Trustees Trustees who can make OTP API account requests; for example, can create and use
OTP accounts.
Subscriber_Trustees Trustees who can validate subscribers of onboarded accounts.
These are the actual values that must be inserted into the hid_global_c on figur ation  table.
The following default privileges are assigned to the default group for ”Team: Create” requests:Example: Cr eating  global team groups and privileges
To make cr eating  new teams more e fficien t,  you can de fine  rules in the hid_global_c on figur ation  external
data store (extdb) table that will c on figur e  standard team groups with attached  privileges that get
aut omatic ally  created whenever a user triggers the Team:Create pr e-de fined  request.
This example demonstrates how to make the entries required in the hid_global_c on figur ation  external
data store (extdb) table and create a new team for the Windows administrator accounts using the new
standardized c on figur ation.
Requirements
This example requires:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack installed ▪
▪Bravura P attern:  Privileged Access E dition  installed ▪
▪ Activ e  Directory source of pr ofiles ▪
Create global team groups and privileges
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser. 1.
2.Click Manage external data store > hid_global_c on figur ation . 2.
3.Add the following rules to the table:3.
▪Rules to add a global team group called Approver  with the approvers, auto-approved, ▪
cr edential_manag er  and requesters privileges:
id: 100
namespace:  pam_team_management
setting:  GROUP-PRIVILEGE-ASSIGNMENT
key:  Approver
value:  Approvers
description:  Add Approver group with approvers privilege to new teams.
id:101
namespace: pam_team_management
setting:  GROUP-PRIVILEGE-ASSIGNMENT
key:  Approver
value:  Auto_Approved
description:  Add Approver group with auto-approval privilege to new teams.
id:102
namespace: pam_team_management
setting:  GROUP-PRIVILEGE-ASSIGNMENT
key:  Approver
value:  Cr edential_Manag erdescription:  Add Approver group with cr edential  manager privilege to new teams.
id:103
namespace: pam_team_management
setting:  GROUP-PRIVILEGE-ASSIGNMENT
key:  Approver
value:  Requesters
description:  Add Approver group with requesters privilege to new teams.
▪Rule to add a global team group called Requester  with the requesters privilege: ▪
id:104
namespace: pam_team_management
setting:  GROUP-PRIVILEGE-ASSIGNMENT
key:  Requester
value:  Requesters
description:  Add Requester group with requesters privilege to new teams.
▪Rule to add a global team group called Trustee  with the trustees privilege: ▪
id:105
namespace: pam_team_management
setting:  GROUP-PRIVILEGE-ASSIGNMENT
key:  Trustee
value:  Trustees
description:  Add Trustee group with trustees privilege to new teams.
4.Click Update  at the bottom  of the table once all your entries are added. 4.
Create teams using global group rules
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a team administrator. 1.
2.In the Requests  section  of the main menu, click Manage Resources . 2.
3.Click Team: Create . 3.
4. De fine  values for the team name, description,  and members. 4.
Click Next  and proceed to add the in f ormation  for the team. Group in f ormation  and the privileges for
each group are added aut omatic ally .5.Click Submit . 5.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
Add group memberships
1.Open another browser tab and login as trustee for the "Windows Admin Accounts" team.1.
2.Click Manage Resources > Team: Manage Group Membership . 2.
3.Select the "Windows Admin Accounts" team.3.
Click Next .
4.On the Team Group List  page, select "Approver" and "Requester". 4.
Click Next .
5.In the Select Child Group for Approver  field,  select the "IT-WINDOWS-MANAGERS" group. 5.6.In the Select Group Members for Requester  field,  select the "billig" user. 6.
7.Click Submit . 7.Privilege P attern:  Team management
Team administrators can access pr e-de fined  requests, via the Manage Resources option  in the Request
section  on the home page, that can create, delete and alter group memberships of teams. When cr eating
a team, the team administrator assigns a team trustee who can then manage that team by controlling
team group membership and privileges.
Team administrators have access to the following pr e-de fined  requests:
▪Team: Create  (on page 2147) for cr eating  teams. ▪
▪Team: Manage Group Membership  (on page 2161) allows administrators to add users to team groups ▪
in order to grant them privileges. Trustees of a group will be asked for their approval of any group
memberships that the team administrator requests.
▪Team: Delete  (on page 2167) for removing teams. ▪
Requirements 
In order to de fine  a team administrator, users need to be added to the PAM_TEAM_ADMINS user class:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User classes . 1.
2.Select the PAM_TEAM_ADMINS.2.
3.Click the Explicit users tab. 3.
4.Click Select . 4.
5.Search and select a user.5.
6.Click Add. 6.
Cr eating  a team
To create a new team, use the Team: Create request. When selected, a wizard will guide you through the
process of cr eating  a team.
1.From the home page, click Manage resources . 1.
2.Click Team: Create . 2.
3.Enter a unique Team name and, optionally ,  a Team description . 3.Click Next .
4.Create the initial  team groups. 4.
Depending on the installed features, there may be a default set of groups that are displayed here.
Change the names to suit your business processes. Use the ”More” icon to add more team name
fields  to the list.
Click Next .
5.Enter team group descriptions  as required. 5.