A resource, for the purposes of role enforcement, is an account on a target system, a managed group, or
a role. A user has a surplus violation  when they have access privilege to a resource that is not part of a
role assigned to them. A surplus violation  can be resolved aut omatic ally  by:
▪Removing the resource from the user’s pr ofile ▪
▪ R equesting  an e x ception  to the enforcement rule ▪
A user has a deficit  violation  when they do not have access privileges to a resource when they have a role
that requires it. A role is considered in de ficit  if one or more role members are not privileged to the user.
A role by itself cannot be a de ficit.  A de ficit  violation  can be resolved aut omatic ally  by:
▪Adding a missing resource to the user’s pr ofile ▪
▪ R equesting  an e x ception  to the enforcement rule ▪
You can set the default action  to take for enforced users on a system-wide basis, and override the action
for a role, group, or target system.
Role enforcement in request w orkflo w
If an entitlemen t  is added to a role that a user already has, the user can request the missing entitlemen t
before the default action  is taken during auto discovery .
When end users request entitlemen ts  they are notified  if the recipient is in violation  of an enforcement
rule. They can use the request wizard to r ectif y  the violation  by the methods listed above.
Implementing  role enforcement
Before implementing  role enforcement, set up your, provisioning environment  (on page 2340); that is,
add target systems and import users, c on figur e  email notific ation  and authentic ation.
Your implemen t ation  of role enforcement may be based on a number of scenarios; for example, you
could:
▪Enable enforcement for roles, then incrementally add users to the enforcement jurisdiction.  You can ▪
also c on figur e  e x ceptions  for individual resources.
▪Add all users to the enforcement jurisdiction,  then incrementally apply enforcement rules to roles. ▪
▪Add all users to the enforcement jurisdiction,  then incrementally apply enforcement rules to ▪
individual resources. You can c on figur e  roles to inherit enforcement rules from member resources.
To implement role enforcement, you must:
▪Enable the role enforcement engine and set global role enforcement options  (on page 2412). ▪
This includes default actions,  the w orkflo w  requester, and event triggers.
▪Add roles  (on page 556). ▪
▪ Con figur e  roles you want to enforce. ▪
When a role is enforced, the rbacenforce  program lists users who belong to the role, and who do
not have all required resources, including those within sub-roles. Optional  resources are not enforced.
For users who are in the enforcement jurisdiction,  rbacenforce  r ectifies  a de ficit  violation,  either
by adding the missing privilege, or r equesting  an e x ception.  You can c on figur e  roles to inherit thede ficit  action  from entitlemen ts,  in which case you must also enable and c on figur e  enforcement for
each entitlemen t  that you want to have enforced.
▪ Con figur e  target systems  (on page 527) and groups  (on page 585) you want to enforce. ▪
When a target system or managed group is enforced, the rbacenforce  program lists users who do,
and do not, have an account or direct membership.
For users who are in the enforcement jurisdiction,  and belong to a role that includes the resource,
rbacenforce r ectifies  a de ficit  violation,  either by adding the missing privilege, or r equesting  an
e x ception.  This action  can be adopted from the resource’s parent role, or you can set it explicitly. You
can also c on figur e  resources to inherit the de ficit  action  from the parent role, in which case you must
also enable and c on figur e  enforcement for those roles.
For users who are in the enforcement jurisdiction,  and do not belong to a role that includes the
resource, rbacenforce r ectifies  a surplus violation,  either by removing the privilege, or r equesting
an e x ception.
▪Determine which users should be in the enforcement jurisdiction. ▪
This is determined by the RBAC enforcement (rbacenforce) pr ofile  and request attribut e.  When users
are fir s t loaded by auto discovery , the attribut e  is not set. When a new user is created or a access
change request is issued for an e xisting  user, the attribut e  is set to true by default.
CAUTION: By default, users can request a change to this attribut e,  to take a recipient
out of enforcement jurisdiction.  Ensure that this change must be
authorized, or validated using the attribut e  v alidation  plugin, or use the
attribut e’ s  access controls to restrict changes.
Setting  global role enforcement options
To enable and c on figur e  RBAC default behavior:
1.Click Manage the system  > Resources > Options 1.
2.In the RBAC AUTO PROPAGATE REQUESTER field,  type the pr ofile  ID of the requester to use when 2.
aut omatic ally  issuing enforcement violation  requests.
It is recommended that you create a product administrator with specific  privileges for this.
3.Select RBAC ENFORCEMENT ENABLED to enable role enforcement. 3.
Enforcement rules for resources will not take e ff ect  until  you do this.
4.If you want to change the default behavior of rbacenforce , set options  listed in Table Role based 4.
access control options  (on page 2412) as required.
5.If you want to trigger external programs when RBAC events occur, c on figur e  event options  listed in 5.
Table Role-based access control events that launch interface programs  (on page 1531), Role-based
access control events that launch interface programs  (on page 2413).
6.Click Update at the bottom  of the form. 6.
Role based access control optionsOption Description
RBAC DEFICIT DEFAULT ACTION Select the default action  for resolving situations  where a user does not
have enough entitlemen ts:
▪Add resource if the user should aut omatic ally  be assigned missing ▪
entitlemen ts.
▪Request e x ception  if the user may be allowed an e x ception  to the rule. ▪
RBAC ENFORCEMENT LIMIT CHECK To limit the load on the system, type the maximum number of users that
the rbacenforce program should list during <UPDATE>. The default is
1000.
RBAC ENFORCEMENT LIMIT LIST To limit the load on the system, type the maximum number of violations
that the rbacenforce program should list during auto discovery. The
default is 100.
RBAC ENFORCEMENT NIGHTLY LIST The rbacenforce program runs during auto discovery. Disable this option
if you want to run the program manually.
RBAC ENFORCEMENT NIGHTLY
SUBMITWhen rbacenforce finds  violations  during auto discovery, it aut omatic ally
submits enforcements to the Bravura Security Fabric  request w orkflo w
system. Disable this option  if you want to submit requests manually.
RBAC SURPLUS DEFAULT ACTION Select the default action  for resolving situations  where a user has too
many access privileges:
▪Remove resource if the surplus entitlemen t  should be aut omatic ally ▪
removed from the user.
▪Request e x ception  if the user may be allowed an e x ception  to the rule. ▪
Role-based access control events that launch interface programs
The following RBAC options  apply to all modules and can be accessed from Manage the system  >
Maintenance > System variables  or Manage the system > Resources > Options :
Option Description
RBAC ENFORCEMENT LIST BEGIN The listing  of role enforcement violations  begins.
RBAC ENFORCEMENT LIST END The listing  of role enforcement violations  ends.
RBAC ENFORCEMENT SUBMIT The role enforcement requests are submitted  to request w orkflo w .
Time-based role assignments
Time-based role assignments use the concept of a role validity window. The role assignment status is
considered "activ e"  or "inactiv e"  determined by the start and end dates de fined  in the role validity
window. Based on the role assignment status, the RBAC engine will aut omatic ally  adjust the user's
entitlemen ts.
The following elements are used with time-based  role assignments:
▪START_TIME The resource attribut e  that de fines  the start date for a role assignment. ▪
▪END_TIME The resource attribut e  that de fines  the end date for a role assignment. ▪▪ROLE_VALIDITY The resource attribut e  group that includes START_TIME and END_TIME resource ▪
attribut es.
The role validity window determines the role assignment's status. The role assignment is considered
"activ e"  during the dates specified,  otherwise, it is considered "inactiv e".
When the start and end dates are not defined,  the role assignment is considered "active"  and the
individual entitlemen ts  are applied immediately.
▪IGNORE_VALIDITY_WINDOW  When enabled the role membership validity window will be ignored. - ▪
This attribut e  allows for a manual override when a validity window is set by aut omation,  based off
some SoR attribut es
▪RBACENFORCE When this boolean attribut e  is set to true, the user is included in the role enforcement ▪
jurisdiction.  When a new user is created, or an access change request is issued for an e xisting  user, the
default value is true.
It is included in the RBACENFORCEATTR  group.
▪RBACENFORCEATTR The attribut e  group used to place users in role-enforcement jurisdiction ▪
Time-based role assignments work with the following components:
Components Purpose
View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module Allows users to request changes to pr ofile  attribut es  or
group membership.
W orkflo w  Manager Service Handles requests too add or remove resources. The
requests can be auto-approved or reviewed by
authorizers.
rbacenforce The rbacenforce program lists role-based access
control (RBAC) violations  and issues w orkflo w  requests
in order to correct variances.
How time-based  role assignments work
▪During PDR-initia t ed  requests, the role assignment itself takes place immediately, however the ▪
individual entitlemen t  assignments based on the roles de finition  will only be added during the validity
window.
▪When a particular  role assignment is considered activ e,  rbacenforce  applies entitlemen t ▪
assignment oper ations.
▪When a role assignment is considered inactiv e,  rbacenforce  removes the entitlemen ts  from the ▪
user's pr ofile.  The user retains the role membership itself (in inactiv e  status).
Typically time-based  role assignments proceed in the following way:  
User requests a change in role membership 
1.The user submits a request to update their role membership.1.
The request includes a start and end date.
2.The role assignment itself takes place immediately.2.3.When the role assignment becomes "activ e"  and rbacenforce is run Bravura Security Fabric 3.
aut omatic ally  submits additional  requests to add the resource entitlemen ts.
4.When the role assignment becomes "inactiv e"  and rbacenforce is run, Bravura Security Fabric : 4.
aut omatic ally  removes the resource entitlemen ts.
Example: Adding a role with a start time
In this example the role membership will have a start time  de fined.  When the request to change role
membership is submitted,  the user will not get the role entitlemen t  immediately. The role entitlemen t  is
handled by the nightly update. When the nightly update is run and the validity window is open, the
entitlemen ts  will be changed in accordance with the new role.
Requirements
▪The CONTRACTOR role has the group "All users at ABC Inc" set to required▪
▪The requester's pr ofile  has Role based access control enforcement set to "True". ▪
See Example: Cr eating  a new user, adding a role  (on page 1320) for an example of how to set RBAC on
pr ofiles.
Enable RBAC enforcement on the entitlemen ts
1.Log in to the web app as superuser1.
2.Click to Manage the system > Resources > Options 2.
3.Set the following:3.
▪RBAC ENFORCEMENT ENABLED  Enabled ▪
▪RBAC DEFICIT DEFAULT ACTION  Add resource ▪
▪RBAC SURPLUS DEFAULT ACTION  Remove resource ▪
▪RBAC AUTO PROPAGATE REQUESTER  a user ▪
4.Click Manage the system > Resources > Groups 4.
5.Select the AD target5.
6.Search for and select All users at ABC Inc. 6.
7.Click the Role enforcement  tab 7.
8.Select Enabled 8.
9.Click Update 9.
Configur e  the PDR
1.Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests 1.
2.Search for and select the _UPDATE_ROLES_ PDR2.
3.Click the Attribut es  tab 3.
4.Click Select 4.
5.Select the ROLE_VALIDITY attribut e  group 5.
6.Click Select 6.Submit a request for a change in role membership with a start time
1.Log in to the web app as a requester1.
2.Click View and update pr ofile 2.
3.Select the Change role membership PDR 3.
4.Select the "Basic entitlemen ts  for all contractors" role and specify the current date as the Start Date 4.
5.Click Submit 5.
Check the request does not contain a role entitlemen t  assignment oper ation
1.From the home page click  Requests 1.2.Click Recent  from the left panel 2.
3.Select the latest request3.
4.Click request  in the details panel 4.
The request details page opens
The request does not contain role entitlemen t  assignment oper ation
Check the PSA role user page
1.Log in to the web app as superuser1.
2.Click Manage the system >Resources > Roles 2.
3.Select the CONTRACTOR role3.
4.Click the Users  tab 4.
The requester has been added with a Start timeRun nightly update
1.Run auto discovery1.
By default, Bravura Security Fabric  runs auto discovery  every night at 1:30 am. Bravura Security Fabric
aut omatic ally  schedules  (on page 2702) this "psupdate" job when you add your fir s t target system.
To manually start auto discovery , from the Manage the system  (PSA) module, click Manage the system >
Maintenance >  Auto discovery > Execute auto discovery , then click Continue . Bravura Security Fabric
displays the Auto discovery  status page that indicates whether auto discovery  is running. Click Refresh
to update the page.
Each time  it is run, auto discovery  attemp ts  to verify that it is not already running on another server.
Never run psupdate  on more than one replicated Bravura Security Fabric server at the same time.
To run specific  tasks during auto discovery :
1.Clear the All checkbox for Selected target systems . 1.
2.Type, or search for, the IDs of the target systems you want to include.2.
3.Select the tasks you want to include:3.
Task Equivalent command
List data from specified  target
systems.psupdate.exe -target <target ID> -list
Load data from specified  target
systems into the databasepsupdate.exe -target <target ID> -
loaddb
You can also run auto discovery  for specific  targets on the target system in f ormation  page  (on page 489)
or by na vig ating  to Manage the system > Resources > Target systems > <type> , selecting  targets and
clicking Run discovery .
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can start auto discovery  from the command line by running the psupdate  program.
 
See psupdateThe psupdate program initia t es  and controls the auto discovery process. It is responsible for calling
a series of programs and PSLang scripts, which in turn, control e x ecution  of each auto discovery task.
These tasks include:
▪Refreshing proxy servers▪
▪ Listing  in f ormation  from managed systems ▪
▪Evaluate the import rules on discovered systems and accounts and assign them to managed system▪
policies
▪Monitoring list file size ▪
▪ Con figuring  listed computer objects as Bravura Privilege resources ▪
▪ Updating  the Bravura Security Fabric database ▪
▪ De t ecting  out-of-band changes ▪
▪Cleaning up the database▪
▪Checking inventory levels▪
▪Loading user class cache▪
▪ Submitting  aut omatic  assignment requests ▪
▪Synchronize server files and registry keys ▪
▪ Notif ying  the Bravura Security Fabric administrator of errors or warnings ▪
▪ Cr eating  the default scheduled task to run psupdate ▪
You can also run psupdate to update a single user.
Never run psupdate on more than one replicated Bravura Security Fabric server at the same time
In a replic ation  environment, the sending node creates additional  queue files in the <ins t anc e>/db/
replic ation  directory. These are used to store the data to be sent to all replic ation  nodes. Once this
data has been replicated to the nodes, these files are removed.
Usage
psupdate.exe
   [-account <accountID>]
   [-alltasks]
   [-checkinv]
   [-enforce_list <enforcement-list>]
   [-enforce_submit <enforcement-list>]
   [-forcerun]
   [-import]
   [-importlws]
   [-list]
   [-list_reset_threshold]
   [-loaddb]
   [-no-plugins]
   [-profile <profileID>]   [-resattr <attrID>]
   [-resattrvalue <attrVal>]
   [-schedule]
   [-status]
   [-target <targetID>]
   [-targetdiscovered]
   [-targetmanual]
   [-updproxy]
   [-v|--version]
Argument Description
-updproxy Refresh proxy servers.
-list Only list login IDs and supported in f ormation  from
specified  target systems. At least one target must be
specified.
-list_reset_threshold Resets the recorded object count before listing.  This
disables listthr esholdma xr elativ echang e  for that specific
list.
-loaddb Only load data from specified  target systems based on
the e xisting  list files to the database. At least one target
must be specified.
-checkinv Check inventory levels.
- alltasks Complete all tasks that are done during a full update
even though specific  target systems are being listed
and/or loaded.
-import Evaluate all discovered objects from target systems
against push mode import rules where they apply.
Applies to the discovered computers from the target, and
the subsequent discovered accounts from discovered
systems that get managed.
-importlws Evaluate all discovered objects from target systems
against local service mode import rules where they apply.
Applies to the local service mode discovered computers,
and the subsequent discovered accounts from discovered
systems that get managed.
-no-plugins Run psupdate without e x ecuting  plugin scripts  (on
page 2742) (*_pre.cmd, *_post.cmd).
-enforce_list <enforcement-list> Run the rbacenforce program to list role
enforcement violations.
-enforce_submit <enforcement-submit> Run the rbacenforce program to submit requests
role enforcement violations.