Click Next .
7.Search for and select Adam Gibbs ADAMG0  on the Members  page. 7.
ADAMG0  will be a temporary member of this group so we will set the expiry date entitlemen t
attribut e.
8.Click on the Expiry date of an entitlemen t  field  next to ADAMG0  to display the calendar. 8.9.Select a future date for Expiry date of an entitlemen t . 9.
10. Click Next . 10.
11. On the Child groups  page, click Next . 11.
12. On the Parent groups  page, search for and select the checkbox of the TEMPS  group. 12.13. Click Submit . 13.
14. Click the View request  link at the top of the page to check the status of the request. 14.Approve the request
To approve the request:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as a group owner; in this case the user is a member of the ENG-1.
MANAGERS-owners group.
2.Click the link: There are 1 request(s) a w aiting  your approval . 2.
The Requests  app opens.
3.Select the request you want to review; Create group . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the details in the Actions  panel  on the right.
4.Review the request details.4.
5.Click Approve  and c on firm  the approval by clicking the Approve  button  below the Comment field. 5.
Track the results of the request
Return to your browser tab where abbiel is logged in and refresh the request details for the new group.
The request status will change to "Processed".
If the values of the Results  columns in Request details  tables are all "Success", you will know you have
successfully completed the group cr eation.Requests app
The Requests  app allows users to view or manage requests based on their role and access controls.
The Requests  app is accessible via the Requests link to:
▪Users with accounts when they have the ”Requests” user access rule (all self-service users by default)▪
▪Product administrators who have the ”Manage reports” user access rule. Users with this right can▪
view requests they have submitted  via reports.
▪Help desk users with the ”View w orkflo w  requests” user access rule. These users can view other users’ ▪
authoriz ation  requests.
▪ W orkflo w  managers with the ”Manage w orkflo w  requests” rule. These users can manage other users’ ▪
authoriz ation  requests.
▪ Deleg ation  managers with the ”Delegate w orkflo w  requests” user access rule. These users can ▪
delegate other users’ authoriz ation  requests.
To c on figur e  options  that apply to the Requests  app:
1.Click Manage the system  > Modules  > Requests . 1.
2. Con figur e  the options  in Table Modules > Requests  options  (on page 1249) as required. 2.
3.If required, c on figur e  event options,  listed in Table Requests app events that launch interface 3.
programs  (on page 1250), Requests app events that launch interface programs  (on page 1539).
4.Click Update to submit the changes. 4.
The options  marked with 
  in Table Modules > Requests  options  (on page 1249) are also c onfigurable
from the W orkflo w  > Options  > General page. Changes you make here will also update that page. All
other settings  apply only to the Requests  app.
Modules > Requests  options
Option Description
IDP APPROVE SINGLE RESOURCE If enabled, authorizers can approve or deny requested resources
individually.
When enabled, an approved oper ation  is immediately actioned,  without
w aiting  for the entir e  request to be approved; for example, where a request
is submitted  to add a user to three groups, as soon as group owner one
approves his part, the user gets added to group one and that state is
r e flect ed  on the authoriz ation  status page.
Note:  This setting  is temporarily disabled if the request is for a group set or
account set access. This is to prevent users from gaining access to deny
requests of this type if a single resource is approved.
IDP DISABLE USER SEARCH Remove advanced search and listing  c apabilities  for e xisting  users who are
authorizers. When this option  is enabled Bravura Security Fabric will only
return an exact match.
IDP REQUIRES REASON
APPROVALAuthorizers must enter a reason for approving a request.Option Description
IDP REQUIRES REASON
REJECTIONAuthorizers must enter a reason for denying a request.
IDP REQUIRES SIGNATURE Authorizers are required to enter their password for use as their electronic
signature when either approving or denying a request.
IDP UPDATE ATTRIBUTES ENABLED Allow or disallow requesters, recipients and authorizers to edit requests
after  submission.
IDS DISABLE USER SEARCH Remove advanced search and listing  c apabilities  for e xisting  users who are
requesters or recipients. When this option  is enabled Bravura Security
Fabric  will only return an exact match.
IDV DISABLE USER SEARCH Remove advanced search and listing  c apabilities  for e xisting  users who are
implementers. When this option  is enabled Bravura Security Fabric  will only
return an exact match.
IDV REQUIRES REASON COMPLETED Implementers must enter a reason for marking a task as completed.
IDV REQUIRES REASON COULD NOT
COMPLETEImplementers must enter a reason for being unable to complete a task.
IDV REQUIRES REASON DECLINE Implementers must enter a reason for declining a task.
Requests app events that launch interface programs
The following Requests app options  can be accessed from Manage the system  > Maintenance > System
variables  or Manage the system  > Modules > Requests:
Option Description
IDP APPROVE FAILURE An authorizer’s attemp t  to approve a request fails.
IDP APPROVE SUCCESS An authorizer’s attemp t  to approve a request succeeds.
IDP REJECT FAILURE An authorizer’s attemp t  to deny a request fails.
IDP REJECT SUCCESS An authorizer’s attemp t  to deny a request succeeds.
IDS DELETE FAILURE A user’s attemp t  to delete their request fails.
IDS DELETE SUCCESS A user’s attemp t  to delete their request succeeds.
Disabling advanced search c apabilities
Regular users can normally use advanced search c apabilities  to find e xisting  users on request pages.
By default, if Bravura Security Fabric finds  more than one match for the search terms, it displays a list and
allows the requester to make a selection.