Enable the Allowed in the certific ation  process option  for each target system whose users can be
reviewed.
Ensure that target systems have appropriate descriptions  and help URLs specified,  to assist reviewers
in identif ying  appropriate entitlemen ts.
2.Manage groups  (on page 585) if you want them to be included in the certific ation  process. 2.
The Allowed in the certific ation  process target system option  determines whether the system’s
managed groups are selectable when s t arting  a certific ation  campaign . The target system option  is
disabled by default. You can apply a global override or individual target system override to allow
managed groups to be included in certific ation,  regardless of whether the parent target system is
allowed in the certific ation  process.
The target system option  is not accessible in Bravura Privilege, and target systems are not allowed in
the c ertific ation  process by default, so you must apply either the global override or an individual target
system override. You can enable managed groups to be c ertified  when a target system is not allowed
in c ertific ation  process  (on page 2521).
3. Optional:  De fine  user classes  (on page 733) to divide the user population  into segments, so that you 3.
can assign a reviewer for each segment.
4. Optional:  Set up roles  (on page 556) and segr eg ation  of duties  rules  (on page 154) to be certified. 4.
When entitlemen ts  are assigned to a user via a role, they can only be c ertified  through that role.
Reviewers cannot view or c ertif y  the member entitlemen ts  individually.
5. Optional:  De fine  pr ofile  in f ormation  that you want reviewers to review. 5.
Reviewers can view user pr ofile  in f ormation  to help them in their review. You can include basic
in f ormation,  such as name, email address, manager, by default.
If you de fine  additional  pr ofile  and request attribut es,  you must ensure that reviewers have
permission to view in f ormation  about users they are reviewing, by de fining  the control of user groups
over attribut e  groups . (on page 722)
6. Optional:  Con figur e  pr e-de fined  requests to be used for r emediation 6.
You can specify r emediation  requests to determine what happens when a review revokes an
entitlemen t,  transfers a user, or resolves an SoD violation.  Pr e-de fined  request  (on page 1311)s are set
up by default in most cases. Reviewers can also be enabled to create new pr ofiles  from within a
certific ation  campaign. In this case, you must set up a pr e-de fined  request for this purpose.  (on page
2540)
7. Optional:  Enable consistency c alculations  and aut omatic  actions  (on page 2542). These options  can 7.
ease the burden on reviewers by identif ying  consistent or inconsistent items, and aut omatic ally
certif ying  or revoking items based on consistency and risk.
Enabling managed groups to be certified  when a target system is not allowed in certific ation  process
To allow all managed groups to be selectable when s t arting  a certific ation  campaign , regardless of
whether the parent target system is allowed in the certific ation  process, enable CERT OVERRIDE TARGET
CERT ENABLED FOR GROUPS in the Manage the system  > Modules > Modules > Manage certific ation
process  (CERT) option  menu.Alt ernativ ely  you can apply an override to individual target systems by c on figuring  a boolean-type
resource attribut e  identified  by CERT ATTRIBUTE GROUP CERT . The managed groups of the target system
can be certified  when the attribut e  value is set to True.
The following example illustrates:
1. De fine  a resource attribut e: 1.
a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut es > Add new... a.
b.Enter the ID; for example GROUP-CERTIFY . b.
c.Enter the Description . c.
d.Select Type : Boolean. d.
e.Set the Default values for the attribut e : (None) . e.
f.Click Add. f.
2. De fine  a resource attribut e  group: 2.
a.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups > Add new... a.
b.Enter the ID; for example ALLOW-GROUP-CERTIFY . b.
c.Enter the Description . c.
d.Select Type : Target systems . d.
e.Click Add. e.
f.Click the Members tab. f.
g.Click Select then select the resource attribut e  you created previously; for example GROUP-CERTIFY . g.
3. Con figur e  the option  in the Manage certific ation  process  (CERT) module: 3.
a.Click Manage the system  > Modules > Manage certific ation  process  (CERT ). a.
b.Type GROUP-CERTIFY in the CERT ATTRIBUTE GROUP CERT field. b.
4.Enable managed groups to be certified  for a target system that is not allowed in certific ation  process. 4.
a.Click < Manage the System > Resources > Target systems . a.
b.Select the target system.b.
c.Set the ALLOW-GROUP-CERTIFY option  to ”True”. c.
d.Click Update . d.
Next: 
Once you have de fined  which entitlemen ts,  users, and in f ormation  may be included in the certific ation
process, you can c on figur e  and start an access certific ation  campaign  (on page 2567).  
Example: Segr eg ation  of duties
A simple example of a certific ation  campaign is where sensitiv e  groups are managed on an Activ e
Directory target system. A product administrator  de fines  SoD rules, and periodically starts a certific ation
campaign to invite group owners to log into Bravura Security Fabric  and certif y  the group members.The group owner can remove inappropriate group membership. If a user is in violation  of an SoD rule
(due to having too many group memberships for example) the reviewer can either request an e x ception
or remove group membership in order to resolve the SoD rule violation.   
Configur ation  
To set up this certific ation  campaign, the administrator would:
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as an administrator with the ”Manage certific ation  process” right. 1.
2.Click Manage certific ation  process . 2.
3.Click Start entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign . 3.
4.On the Items to review tab, select Segr eg ation  of duties  rules , then select the checkbox next to the 4.
applicable rule to review.
5.Click the Reviewers tab to choose reviewers for the campaign. 5.
6.Click Continue  to choose a single reviewer. 6.7.Click Select… . 7.
8.Search for and select the appropriate user.8.
9.Click the Submit tab. 9.
10. Enter a Certific ation  campaign description . 10.
11. Click Launch campaign . 11.12. Click Start new campaign . 12.
Review 
To complete the review, the reviewer would:
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric . 1.
2.Click the notific ation  link or Review entitlemen ts  and c on figur ations . 2.
The certific ation  app shows a list of users in violation  of the rule.
3.Click the resolve icon 
  next to a user’s name to open the request wizard. 3.
The default pr e-de fined  request is ”Default r esolution  for segr eg ation  of duties  rules”.4.Click the request e x ception  icon 
 to submit a request to allow the user to keep the c on flicting 4.
entitlemen ts.
5.Type a reason for the e x ception  and modify the expiry date if necessary. 5.6.Click Apply . 6.7.Click Save . 7.
The request is now saved and will be submitted  upon sign off .
8.Click the resolve icon 
 next to another user’s name to open the request wizard. 8.
9.Click the revoke icon 
 to remove one of the c on flicting  entitlemen ts. 9.10. Click Save . 10.
11. Click Finish to complete the review. 11.
12. Enter My password . 12.
13. Click Sign off. 13.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  relevant authorizers to review the request.Example: Saved certific ation  setup
This example demonstrates how to use saved searches to simplify and speed up the processes of s t arting
a certific ation  campaign. It also demonstrates how to save and modify a certific ation  campaign setup.  
Configur ation  
To set up this certific ation  campaign, the administrator would:
1.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as an administrator with the ”Manage certific ation  process” right. 1.
2.Click Manage certific ation  process . 2.
3.Click Start entitlemen t  certific ation  campaign . 3.
4.On the Items to review  tab, select Managed groups . 4.
5.In the group list section,  click the advanced search icon 
 next to the Search button. 5.
6.Search on groups with a description  that contains ”finance” . 6.
Searches can use any resource criteria. (on page 363)