Criteria Description
▪Success▪
▪Failed▪
▪In progress▪
Data quality reports
Users with no managers
Purpose : Shows users who do not have a manager in the OrgChart.
Executable : usersnomanagers
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Report type Select a report type:
Show all users with no manager : displays all users that
do not have a manager, regardless of their subordinates.
Show users with no manager and no subordinates :
displays all users that do not have a manager and do not
have any subordinates.
Show users with no manager and some subordinates :
displays all users that do not have a manager but have at
least one subordinate.
Show users with no manager and list direct
subordinates : list the users who are managers of
orphaned subtrees along with their direct subordinates.
Show users with no manager and list direct and indirect
subordinates : list the users who are managers of
orphaned subtrees along with their direct and indirect
subordinates
The top manager is not considered a user with no manager.
Inconsistent account attribut es
Purpose : Reports on users with corresponding account attribut es  that have inconsistent values.
Executable : inconsisacctattrib
Search Criteria :Criteria Description
Attribut e Select one or more pr ofile  attribut es  for which to report
inconsistencies. Attribut es  are only displayed here if they
can be applied to a user pr ofile  (not request-only).
User ID Type the ID of the user for whom you want to generate
the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  search for one or more user
pr ofile  IDs for which to report inconsistencies.
Invalid user attribut es
Purpose : Reports on users with pr ofile  attribut e  values that do not meet v alidation  rules.
Executable : invaliduserattr
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Attribut e Select one or more attribut es  from the list of pr ofile
attribut es.  By default, the report will search for all
attribut es.  Attribut es  are only displayed here if they can
be applied to a user pr ofile  (not request-only).
Report type Select a report type:
Show users with empty attribut e  values : All users who
do have not specified  a value for the selected attribut e
are listed.
Show users with non-empty attribut e  values shorter or
equal to : Type a positiv e  integer value in the field.  This
value specifies  the number of characters in the selected
attribut e  values. The report lists all users whose attribut e
value is shorter than the specified  length. For example, if
you select the Email address attribut e,  and enter 10 for
this option,  then the report lists all users whose email
address is shorter than 10 characters in length.
Show users with invalid attribut e  values : All users who
have an invalid value for the selected attribut e  are listed.
Attribut e  values are invalid if:
▪Not enough values: value missing for mandatory▪
attribut e
▪Too long: value exceeds specified  maximum length ▪
▪Not in restricted list: value is not from restricted list, if▪
restricted values are de fined
▪Bad format: value format does not match the required▪
attribut e  formatDisappeared groups
Purpose : Shows managed groups where the corresponding target system has disappeared.
Executable : disappearedgroups
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs to list invalid managed groups from those systems.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more target
systems.
Show resources Select this checkbox if you want to display resources that
use the disappeared group.
Users with inactiv e  roles
Purpose : Shows users with deprecated, disabled, or not assignable roles.
Executable : inactiveroles
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Roles Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of roles to
include in the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for
one or more roles.
Role status Select one or more role statuses to include in the report:
▪Deprecated▪
▪Disabled▪
▪Unassignable▪
Duplicate entries can appear in report output if you select multiple  role statuses and a role has multiple
statuses of invalidity, or a user has multiple  roles which are in diff eren t  statuses of invalidity.
For example, if a role is both deprecated and unassigned, and a user has both roles, then that user is
reported twice.
Entitlemen ts  with invalid authorizers
Purpose : Reports on entitlemen ts  with invalid or insufficien t  authorizers.
Executable : invalidauthor
Search Criteria :Criteria Description
Report type Select a report type:
Invalid authorizers : lists all authorizers that are no longer
valid; for example, authorizers that were removed from
the target system.
Insufficien t  authorizers : lists all resources that have less
than the minimum required number of authorizers
de fined.
Entitlemen t  type This is the type of resource from which you want to list
invalid or insufficien t  authorizers. Select an entitlemen t
type:
▪Target system▪
▪Template account▪
▪Managed group▪
▪Role▪
▪ Segr eg ation  of duties  rules ▪
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs to list entitlemen ts  from those systems. Alt ernativ ely ,
you can search for one or more target systems.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to
Target system , Template account , or Managed group .
Managed groups Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of managed
groups to list entitlemen ts  for those groups. Alt ernativ ely ,
you can search for one or more managed groups.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to
Managed group .
Roles Select one or more roles. This option  is only displayed if
Entitlemen t  type is set to Role and there is at least one
role de fined.
Segr eg ation  of duties  rules Select one or more SoD rules. By default, all SoD rules are
included in the report output. This option  is only
displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to Segr eg ation  of
duties  rules and there is at least one SoD rule de fined.
Include discovery templates Select to include discovery templates for target systems.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to
Target system .
Invalid reviewers
Purpose : Invalid reviewers assigned to activ e  certific ation  campaigns.
Executable : invalidcertifiers
Search Criteria :Criteria Description
Campaign description Type the description  of one or more certific ation
campaigns to only include those rounds in the report.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more certific ation
campaigns.
Certific ation  method Select a value to only include saved c on figur ations  with a
matching certific ation  method. The possible values are:
▪All certific ation  methods ▪
▪Single reviewer▪
▪Segment reviewers▪
▪Resource authorizers▪
▪Orgchart manager▪
Choose start date This is the date that the campaign was initia t ed,  not the
date that the reviewer started. Choose one of the
following options  to de fine  a start date:
Date not required : This is the default setting.  In f ormation
is listed regardless of start date.
Use r elativ e  date
It is recommended that you use a r elativ e  date for
your date range when you schedule a report. This
ensures that the date range would be valid when
the schedule report executes.
Choosing Use r elativ e  date  makes a drop-down list
appear, which allows you to select the type of
r elativ e  date. A r elativ e  date is calculated based on
the day that the report is executed. The following
options  are available in the drop-down list:
All time  value ranges are from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
R elativ e  date options
Option Description
Current day The 24 hour period that the report is executed within,
from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
Current calendar week The current seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday August 1st to
Saturday August 7th.
Current month The current month from beginning to end, determined by
the day the report is executed. For example, if the reportCriteria Description
Option Description
is run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
August 1st to August 31st.
Current quarter The current quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
July 1st to September 30th.
Current year The current year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2010-01-01 to 2010-12-31.
Previous day The previous 24 hour period, from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59,
determined by the time  the report is executed.
Previous calendar week The previous seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday July 25th to
Saturday July 31st.
Previous month The previous month from beginning to end, determined
by the day the report is executed. For example, if the
report is run on August 3rd, then the date range would
be from July 1st to July 31st.
Previous quarter The previous quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
April 1st to June 30th.
Previous year The previous year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2009-01-01 to 2009-12-31.
: In f ormation  is only included in the report output if the
start date falls within the selected r elativ e  date range.
Use selected date
You can de fine  a specific  date range for your report.
The fir s t da t e/time  field  selects the earliest start
time  to include, and the second selects the latest.Criteria Description
The start time  is the time  that the report was
executed. To set a selected date range:
1.Click the upper da t e/time  field  to specify the 1.
start date and hour.
2.Type a start time  in HH:MM format if you do not 2.
want to start on the hour.
3.Click the lower da t e/time  field  to specify the end 3.
date and hour.
4.Type an end time  in HH:MM format if you do not 4.
want to start on the hour.
The allowed years range from 1970 to 2038
: In f ormation  is only included in the report output if the
start date and time  falls within the Start date range . Use
the fir s t set of date / time  controls to select the earliest
time  to include, and the second set of date / time
controls to select the latest time  to include.Criteria Description
Use within the last N days : In f ormation  is only included
in the report output if the start date falls within the
specified  last number of days.
Use N or more days ago : In f ormation  is only included in
the report output if the start date was more than the
specified  number of days ago.
Pr ofile  attribut e  histogram
Purpose : Show the dis tribution  of pr ofile  attribut e.
Executable : profileattrhistogram
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Pr ofile  attribut e  to analyze The pr ofile  attribut e  which is used tally.
Pr ofile  attribut e  to search Select a pr ofile  attribut e  and the value to filt er  the users
that are considered to be included in the results.
Comparator This field  is displayed if a Pr ofile  attribut e  to search  field
is other than Attribut e  not required. Select the value type
of comparator to apply on the pr ofile  attribut e  to search.
is equal to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on values equal to a specified  string.
is not equal to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on values not equal to a specified  string.
is empty to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on attribut es  without a value.
is not empty  to if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on attribut es  with a value.
Value This field  is displayed and required if a Comparator field
is set to  is equal to  or is not equal to . Type the value of
the string to compare with.
This searches against the attribut e’ s  stored string
value in the database, regardless of attribut e  type.
User class ID Select the single participan t  user classes to filt er  the
users that are considered in the totals.
Minimum value The minimum value to include.
Maximum value The maximum value to include.
Size of bands The size of bands that are tallied.
Graph type The graph type to display the data bands.Pr ofile  attribut e  frequency
Purpose : For a given attribut e  or a set of two pr ofile  attribut es,  show all values (or c ombinations  of two
values) that appear at least a specified  number of times.  This includes individual values of multi- v alued
attribut es  as well as duplicate values where multiple  values and duplicates are allowed for an attribut e.
Executable : profileattrfreq
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Attribut e Enter the pr ofile  attribut e  for which to count the value
frequency.
Attribut e  value to search Type the value of the pr ofile  attribut e.
Attribut e Optionally ,  enter the second pr ofile  attribut e  for which to
count the value frequency in c ombination  with the fir s t
one.
Attribut e  value to search This field  is displayed if the second attribut e  is other than
"Attribut e  not required". Type the value of the pr ofile
attribut e.
Minimum frequency Enter the minimum appearance count for a same
attribut e  value to be displayed.
Graph type Select the graph type:
(None ): No graph generated
Horizontal bar chart : bar chart will be generated
Number of rows for graph The maximum rows for graph to display. The selected
rows will be displayed with the frequency of attribut es  in
descending order.
Mismatched role assignments
Purpose : Lists roles per user where the user has been assigned the role and has some or all of the
entitlemen ts,  but the correct in f ormation  is not r e flect ed  in the Bravura Security Fabric  database. For
example, a user is assigned a role that includes only template accounts. A managed group is later added
to the role, and the user is added to the group out of band. In this case the user meets the role
requirements, but the database does not contain correct in f ormation.
Executable : mismatchedrole
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Reference role The roles to show surpluses or de ficiencies  for.
Show mismatch based on expanded role de finitions The mismatched items are expanded on sub-roles to
display de ficien t  and surplus entitlemen ts.Users with missing accounts
Purpose : Lists users that do not have an account on a target.
Executable : missingaccounts
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
UserID Type the ID of the user orsearch to find a user for whom
you want to generate the report.
Attribut e Select a pr ofile  attribut e  from the drop-down list. A value
is required once an attribut e  is selected.
Target system ID Type in target system ID orsearch to find target system to
report users that do not have an account.
Pr ofile  attribut e  coverage
Purpose : Show the number of times  a given pr ofile  attribut e  is used.
Executable : profileattrcoverage
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Minimum number of distinct  values: Type a positiv e  integer to only display pr ofile  attribut es
that have the "Number of distinct  values" greater than or
equal to this integer. It is set to 1 by default.
Maximum number of distinct  values (-1=in finit e): Type a positiv e  integer to only display pr ofile  attribut es
that have the "Number of distinct  values" less than or
equal to this integer. It must be greater than or equal to
"Minimum number of distinct  values" and is set to
in finit e  (-1) by default.
Minimum percentage of users with a value (%): Type an integer between 0 and 100 to only display pr ofile
attribut es  that have the "Percentage of users with a
value" greater than or equal to this integer. It is set to 0
by default. For each pr ofile  attribut e,  the "Percentage of
users with a value" is calculated as its "Number of users
with a value" divided by "Number of users excluding
console users and superusers".
Maximum percentage of users with a value (%): Type an integer between 0 and 100 to only display pr ofile
attribut es  that have the "Percentage of users with a
value" less than or equal to this integer. It must be less
than or equal to "Minimum percentage of users with a
value" and is set to 100 by default. For each pr ofile
attribut e,  the "Percentage of users with a value" is
calculated as its "Number of users with a value" divided