Part II Transparent Password S ynchr oniz ationOverview of Transparent Password S ynchr oniz ation
Bravura Pass  can extend the nativ e  password management on selected types of systems with transparent
password s ynchr oniz ation.  When this is implemented on a trigger system:
▪ Nativ e  password changes on the trigger system are subjected to the Bravura Pass  password policy, ▪
and may be rejected on that basis.
▪Successful password changes trigger aut omatic  password s ynchr oniz ation  for other accounts, on other ▪
systems, that belong to the same user.
Transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  can be triggered from nativ e  password changes on any of the
following systems:
▪Windows 2016/2019/2022 servers and Activ e  Directory domains (password filt er  DLL on servers ▪
and/or DCs).
▪z/OS mainframes with RAC/F, ACF2 or TopSecret security products (security exit in the LPAR with the▪
security products).
▪OS/400, iSeries servers.▪
▪Unix/Linux servers (passwd program wrapper binary or PAM).▪
▪Sun/Oracle and IBM LDAP servers (attribut e  change filt er  on the directory server). ▪
Each of these triggers contacts the Bravura Pass  server twice per password change, over an encrypted
TCP/IP socket (shared key handshake, 256-bit AES encr yption):
▪First c onnection:  validate password quality, possibly reject the user’s choice of a new password and ▪
block the triggering password change due to policy violation
Second c onnection:  initia t e  transparent password s ynchr oniz ation
Architecture
The architecture diagram below shows the basic elements of transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.  In
the figur e,  a user changes their password nativ ely  on some system (most commonly a Windows
w ork s t ation  connected to an AD domain). A trigger installed on this system – in the case of an AD DC, this
is a password filt er  DLL – contacts a Bravura Pass  server when the password change happens, typically
via a load balancer.
Two calls are made to Bravura Pass :
1.User X on system Z wishes to set their password to value Y . Is that acceptable?1.
▪Bravura Pass  tests this c ombination  against the password policy that applies to the user . ▪
▪The password, which may have been accepted by the trigger system, may be rejected by Bravura ▪
Pass . In this case, the original password change is terminated: the new password is not c ommitted
anywhere and the user gets an error message.
▪Password quality v alidation  must be performed by Bravura Pass  as it has access to data, such as ▪
password history (unlimited, not just last N) and dictionaries,  which enable it to enforce more
robust rules than the trigger system.▪The process is fault-tolerant. Inability to contact Bravura Pass  is usually c on figur ed  to cause ▪
passwords to be accepted.
2.Password value Y has been c ommitted  locally, on system Z, for User X. Please initia t e  s ynchr oniz ation  if 2.
required.
▪Bravura Pass  looks up the user’s other accounts (on system Z or elsewhere). ▪
▪Bravura Pass  connects to each system, r esetting  X’s password adminis tr ativ ely  to Y . ▪
▪In the event an account password change fails on one of the user's synchronized systems, the▪
password remains changed on all the user's systems that worked and Bravura Pass re-queues and
retries the password change on any system that failed until  it falls out from the queue. Additionally ,
Bravura Pass  may be c on figur ed  to send the user one or more e-mails to notif y  of the problem
and/or create a tick e t  on an incident management system to alert someone of the s ynchr oniz ation
problem.
Transparent s ynchr oniz ation  architectureProcess
Transparent password s ynchr oniz ation,  triggered by a nativ e  password change on a monitored system
works as follows:
1.User: decides to change their password(s) or has been asked to during the login process (password 1.
has expired).
2.User: enters their login ID, current password and desired new password. 2.
3.Login server: validates password quality internally, then calls a Bravura Pass  interceptor library to 3.
further validate password quality.
4.Bravura Pass  interceptor: contacts the Bravura Pass  server; establishes an encrypted c onnection; 4.
forwards a request for password policy check.5.Bravura Pass : validates password quality; returns result. In the event of an attemp t ed  policy violation, 5.
Bravura Pass  may send a message directly to the user by email or a Windows pop-up message.
6.Login server: updates the user’s password field  internally, calls the Bravura Pass  interceptor to notif y 6.
it of the successful change. Note that a failure to meet the Bravura Pass  policy will normally block the
initial  password change from c ompleting.
7.Bravura Pass  interceptor: contacts the Bravura Pass  server; establishes an encrypted c onnection; 7.
forwards a request for password s ynchr oniz ation.
8.Bravura Pass : queues up the new password for s ynchr oniz ation. 8.
9.Bravura Pass : resolves the single-queued event to a list of passwords that must be set for this user 9.
(one per login account).
10. Bravura Pass : adminis tr ativ ely  sets the user’s passwords on each system to the new value. 10.
11. Bravura Pass : in the event of failure, re-queues and retries; may send the user one or more emails to 11.
notif y  of the problem; may create a tick e t  on an incident management system to alert someone of an
in t egr ation  problem.
Transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  triggers are provided with Bravura Pass  for Activ e  Directory,
Windows servers, LDAP , Linux and Unix (various), iSeries and z/OS (optional  component).
In t egr ation  details
To implement transparent password s ynchr oniz ation,  special softw ar e  is installed on the trigger system to
monitor password changes and test the strength of new password choices. This softw ar e  communicates
with the Password Manager service on the Bravura Pass  server, using an encrypted TCP socket
c onnection.
Although RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 servers are not capable of being triggers, transparent
s ynchr oniz ation  can reset PINs, as long as alpha-numeric PINs are allowed on the RSA Authentic ation
Manager 7.1/8.2 server.
Transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  involves the following softw ar e:
In t egr ation  sub-system Purpose
Password Manager service ( idpm ) This service works in c onjunction  with trigger programs
and libraries on various systems. Over a secure,
encrypted TCP c onnection,  the service evaluates a new
password selected by a user, determines whether it
should be accepted, and if so, synchronizes the
password to a new value on all systems where the user
has a login account.
Password Change Notific ation  Module This local agent The psintcpt program intercepts
nativ e  password changes on Micr osoft  Activ e  Directory
domain controllers and Windows servers, and triggers
transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.In t egr ation  sub-system Purpose
Password replacement program ( pspasswd ) and the
Bravura Security pluggable authentic ation  moduleThis program The Bravura Security password
replacement program (pspasswd) intercepts nativ e
password changes on Unix servers and triggers
transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
LDAP password filt er  plugin ( psldap ) or OID-LDAP
password filt er  plugin (psldap.so)This local agent The psldap  program intercepts nativ e
password changes on LDAP Directory Service servers
and triggers transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
OS/400 exit program This exit program Intercepts password changes on IBM
OS/400 and propagates them to the Bravura Security
Fabric server for policy v alidation  and to initia t e
transparent s ynchr oniz ation.
Software  add-ons for Windows-based and os/400 trigger systems are shipped with Bravura Security
Fabric and installed in the addon/transparent-synch directory. Software  for Unix-based trigger systems is
shipped with Connector Pack. The loc ation  depends on whether you install a global or ins t anc e-specific
connector pack. The OS/390 trigger software  is shipped with Mainframe Connector. See the Mainframe
Connector Documen t ation  for more inf ormation.
Optionally ,  you can enable the Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module to educate users and
enforce r egis tr ation  for transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
If using load balancers, do not c onfigure  any SSL options  for transparent s ynchroniz ation  traffic.  SSL
options  should only be c onfigured  on load balancers for WebUI traffic,  not transparent s ynchroniz ation.
Transparent s ynchroniz ation  is encrypted using a proprietary encr yption  algorithm. Contact
support@bravurasecurity.com  for more details.
Example: Users change their password on a Windows w ork s t ation
Some or g aniz ations  require users to change their Activ e  Directory passwords on a regular basis. Often
users do this from the login prompt on their desktop. Transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  can be set
up to allow users to c ontinue  changing their passwords using the same, familiar method.
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system is added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪A Linux target system is also added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪A user has an account on both target systems.▪
▪The user is working on a Windows w ork s t ation  that has been added to the domain. ▪
Method
For demons tr ation,  a user named adam0000 with an AD account and a Linux account will be used on a
w ork s t ation  that is connected to the AD network. The IP of the Linux server is 10.0.23.77.
1.Log into the Windows w ork s t ation  as adam0000. 1.2.Press Ctrl+Alt+Del and choose Change a password. 2.
3.Enter the current password for adam0000.3.
4.Enter the new password and c on firm  in the appropriate places. 4.
5.Click the arrow to complete the process and c on firm  that the password change was successful. 5.
6.Check the instance logs to verify that the password change was detected. Something similar to the6.
following log examples should be present on a successful password change:
2021-02-02 13:41:20.331.2337 - [] idpm.exe [1800,5888] Info: Sending
reply: code=[200], message=[Strength check success]
2021-02-02 13:41:21.097.4324 - [] idpm.exe [1800,5888] Info: Sending
reply: code=[200], message=[Request queued]
2021-02-02 13:41:25.937.4569 - [] agtssh.exe [2172,2240] Info: line
403: Password for account [adam0000] has been changed.
2021-02-02 13:41:26.142.1307 - [] agtssh.exe [2172,2240] Info:
[verifyreset] succeeded
7.Log adam0000 into the Linux server.7.
8.The user will be prompted for adam0000’s password. Enter in the new password.8.
9.If the new password was accepted, the password change was successfully propagated and adam00009.
will now be logged in.
Interceptor c ompatibility
Below is a c ompatibility  matrix that should be taken into c onsider ation  when upgrading Bravura Pass
services ( idpm or pushpass ) or interceptors. Y denotes that the versions are c ompatible  and N
denotes that the versions are not c ompatible.
Bravura Pass  interceptor c ompatibility
Interceptor version Service version
 10.0.x 10.1.x 11.0.x 11.1.x 12.0.x 12.1.x 12.2.x 12.3.x 12.4.x 12.5.x 12.6.x
6.4.9 Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
7.3.1 Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
8.2.8 Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
9.0.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y YInterceptor version Service version
10.0.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
10.1.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
11.0.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
11.1.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
12.0.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
12.1.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
12.2.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
12.3.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
12.4.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
12.5.x Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 3.0.x (unix) Y N N Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 3.1.x (unix) Y N N Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 3.2.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 3.3.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 4.0.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 4.1.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 4.2.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 4.3.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 4.4.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
CP 4.5.x (unix) Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
Also review the access control list for the Comma-delimited list of IP addresses with CIDR bitmask that
are allowed to send socket requests setting  for the Password Manager service  (on page 2820). Password
s ynchr oniz ation  interceptors that need to access idpm must be de fined  in this field.Implementing  Transparent Password S ynchr oniz ation
This section  provides an overview of the steps required to implement transparent password
s ynchr oniz ation.  It assumes you have set up basic requirements for password management, including
email notific ation  and at least one target system that is a source of Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofiles.
To implement transparent password s ynchr oniz ation:
1.Add target systems  (on page 490) that will be triggers  (on page 1652) for transparent password 1.
s ynchr oniz ation.
2.If required, enable the API SOAP Service  (on page 2847) ( idapisoap ) and ensure it is available for 2.
access by the host running the interceptor. The API Service ( idapi ) c on figur ation  file requires the url
of the API SOAP Service.
The API SOAP Service is not required for Windows or LDAP Triggers.
3.Gather the in f ormation  that you will need when you install the necessary softw ar e: 3.
▪Trigger system’s target system ID▪
▪The c ommunic ation  key (or Master Key) ▪
The CommKey value is encrypted in Bravura Security Fabric . If you did not record the key in a
secure loc ation,  copy the idmsetup.inf file from <instance> \ p sc on fig \ on the Bravura
Security Fabric server to the same loc ation  as the installer. The installer will extract the
Communic ation  Key value from the file.
▪TCP port number on which the Password Manager service is listening for the LDAP interceptor.▪
▪URL of the API SOAP Service, for interceptors other than the LDAP and Windows interceptors.▪
▪DNS host name of each Bravura Security Fabric  server ▪
4.Install the required softw ar e  on the trigger system: 4.
▪Windows trigger  (on page 1662) ▪
▪Unix trigger  (on page 1706) ▪
▪LDAP trigger  (on page 1723) ▪
▪OID-LDAP trigger  (on page 1729) ▪
▪OS/390 or z/OS (RACF, TopSecret, ACF2) trigger with Mainframe Connector  (on page 1735) ▪
▪OS/400 trigger  (on page 1736) ▪
5.Educate users.5.
Inform users that:
▪All password changes for users (with a Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile  ID) will be subjected to the ▪
password policies enforced on the Bravura Security Fabric  server. By default transparent password
s ynchr oniz ation  is available to all users.
▪When users change their passwords on the relevant system (Micr osoft  Activ e  Directory, LDAP ▪
Directory Service, OS/390), their new password will be applied aut omatic ally  to all of their
accounts on other systems.Options
You can c on figur e  the following if required:
▪The Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module  (on page 1740) ▪
This method of user educ ation  requires users to register for transparent s ynchr oniz ation,  using the
Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module. This ensures users activ ely  understand and accept
the changes. You must enable the Password s ynchr oniz ation  r egis tr ation  (PSR) module to activ a t e  this
feature.
▪Target system groups  (on page 562) ▪
This allows you to apply diff er en t  password policies and s ynchr oniz ation  rules to groups of target
systems.
The default target system group is c on figur ed  to enable transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
Bravura Security recommends that all target systems belong to a single target system group, and are
subject to a single password policy.
▪Password Manager service  (on page 2820) ▪
The Password Manager service is installed and started by default. You can set options  for thread
count, password change queuing, and in t egr ation  with older Password Manager service (idpm)
services. You can also set the Password Manager service to enforce the password strength policy for
non- Bravura Pass  users. Several s ynchr oniz ation  events can be c on figur ed  to trigger email notific ation
or other external programs.
▪User notific ation  (on page 431) ▪
You can use the Bravura Security Fabric  notific ation  system to warn users of pending password expiry.
Transparent s ynchr oniz ation  and generated passwords
Transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  is inc ompatible  with a security policy that mandates that users
must select from a set of randomly generated passwords (by enforcing the ”Be one of the N suggested
passwords” rule), because even with the interceptor, the OS has no way to supply this list.
If users must select from a set of randomly generated passwords, they must use the Bravura Security
Fabric web interface to change their passwords.
Load Balancing
By default, the Password Manager service service will be running on each Bravura Pass  server. However,
only one server hostname may be provided to each transparent s ynchr oniz ation  interceptor. If multiple
Bravura Pass  servers are oper ating ,  it is usually desirable to balance the transparent s ynchr oniz ation  load
between them dynamically and provide for transparent fail-over.
Round-robin DNS, or assigning multiple  address records to a hostname, can be helpful for load balancing.
In this c on figur ation,  an additional  hostname should be set up with a record for each Bravura Pass  server,
and this hostname should be provided to the transparent s ynchr oniz ation  interceptor installed on each
target system. Target systems will then choose from the list of servers each time  they make a request.
This method does not provide fail-over.