Adding a target system to managed system policies
If you enabled the Aut omatic ally  create a Privileged Access Manager managed system option,  you can
add the system to and remove it from a managed system policy  directly from the Target system
in f ormation  page.
You must have write access to the managed system policy  to which you want to add or remove target
systems, and at least one of the following adminis tr ativ e  privileges:
▪Manage resources▪
▪Manage orphan managed systems▪
▪Manage managed system policies▪
To de fine  managed system policy  membership for a target system:
1.Click Policies at the bottom  of the Target system in f ormation  page for an e xisting  target system. 1.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a list of managed system policies  to which the system is already a
member.
2.Click Select... . 2.
3.Enable the checkbox next to the managed system policies  you want to modify, then: 3.
▪Click Select to add the target system to the policy. ▪
or
▪Click Delete to delete the target system from the policy. ▪
CAUTION: If you delete the target system from the policy, then all managed accounts
on this system are also removed.
Viewing target system logs
You can use the Manage the system  (PSA) module to view log entries that are specific  to the target system
connector.
The date and time  recorded in the Bravura Security Fabric logs are based on the settings  of the Windows
server where Bravura Security Fabric is installed. You can view the current Bravura Security Fabric server
date and time  from the Target logs page.
To do this:
1.Navigate to the Target system logs page  (on page 489). 1.
2.If necessary, enter search criteria to display only specified  log entries: 2.
Log message Type a string or a regular expression that represents the log message you want to view.
You can use + and - symbols to include and exclude keywords from the search; for example
+ update operation - unlock
includes the keywords update and operation , and excludes unlock .
If you want to use a regular expression, you must also select the corresponding Regular
expression checkbox.
Severity Select if you want to view only messages at a particular  level of severity.Da t e/time Use the fir s t da t e/time  field  to select the earliest log entry to include, and the second
da t e/time  field  to select the latest log entry to include.
3.Click Search . 3.
Downloading logs
Click Download to save the current log view to a file on the server. Any search criteria filt ering  is
preserved in the file. A copy of the file is saved to the log directory and is rotated along with the rest of
the logs.  
See also: 
If you need help with regular expression click the Regular expression link on the Target system logs  page.
T esting  auto discovery dur ation
When adding a target to Bravura Security Fabric , a suitable List timeout  value is not known, so the value
is set to -1 (in finit e).  If that default value is not changed, listing  issues or issues with the target system
could cause auto discovery to never end. In order to avoid this, after  the target is successfully c on figur ed
and tested  (on page 519), replace the initial  value with a suitable timeout  value.
Calculating  the listing  dur ation  value
1.Time how long it normally takes to list. The idmsuite .log records dur ation  at the end of the 1.
agent's e x ecution.
2. Multiply  by 2 and transform to seconds. 2.
3.Replace the List timeout  value of that target with the result. 3.
If the listing  dur ation  is too long
▪Reconsider what the target is c on figur ed  to list. ▪
▪List only the objects required for the in t egr ation: ▪
▪Accounts - only list managed accounts.▪
▪ Attribut es  - only if they are needed, and only the attribut es  actually used. ▪
▪Groups - only if needed; if thousands of groups are listed; for example from Activ e  Directory, ▪
consider listing  a reduced number of groups from a specific  OU or other container.
▪Group members:▪
▪If all security groups are not needed, do not select "All groups" under the General target tab▪
option  for "Groups whose membership will be listed".
▪Only manage groups if their members are actually used.▪
If the listing  dur ation  is still long after  c ompleting  the steps, just increase the time  enough so it can
account for normal diff er ences  in listing  dur ation  due to network and target system load, instead of
multiplying  by 2.If the timeout  dur ation  is exceeded when listing ,  the listing  oper ation  will be aborted, and the previous
listing  from auto-discovery for the target will be used.
Con figuring  target-system-level authoriz ation
De fine  authoriz ation  in f ormation  for target systems to:
▪Set the number of approvals or denials required for requests involving e xisting  accounts or managed ▪
groups on the target system.
▪Assign s t atic  authorizers to de fine  who can approve requests based on the target system. ▪
Users must be loaded into the Bravura Security Fabric database before you can de fine  them as
authorizers.
You must assign enough authorizers to meet the minimum number of authorizers requirement. If you do
not do this, requests involving the resource are aut omatic ally  denied unless authorizers are assigned by a
w orkflo w  plug-in.
Target-system-level authoriz ation  does not apply to new account requests.
Con figuring  inherited authoriz ation
If you enable the Default authoriz ation  for child resources, including templates and managed groups,
will be inherited from the target system option  on the Target system in f ormation  page the authoriz ation
settings  from the target system will be inherited by managed groups and templates.
You can override the c onfiguration  at the group and/or template level. See "Configuring  group-level
authoriz ation"  for more inf ormation  about group authoriz ation.  See "Configuring  template-level
authoriz ation"  for more inf ormation  about template authoriz ation.
Con figuring  phased authoriz ation
If phased authoriz ation  is enabled, navigate to the target system’s Authoriz ation  page  (on page 489),
then:
▪Click Add new… if you want to add a phase. ▪
▪To change the order of phases, change the numbers in the Authoriz ation  phase column and click ▪
Update .
▪Select a phase to de fine  authorizers and settings. ▪
If an authorizer is c onfigured  to be in more than one phase, then he must review the request in each
phase. You can enable IDWFM AUTH PHASE PROPAGATION  (Manage the system > W orkflo w  >
Options  > General ) to allow the authorizer’s response in the firs t phase in which he appears to be
propagated to later phases.
Determining number of required approvals
To set authoriz ation  thresholds for a target system:
1.Navigate to the target system’s Authoriz ation  page  (on page 489). 1.Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
2.Type a value for the:2.
▪Minimum number of authorizers – A value of 0 means requests for the resource are auto- ▪
approved.
The default value is set by the MIN AUTHORIZERS  policy.
▪Number of denials before a change request is terminated – A resource request is canceled when ▪
this number of authorizers deny it, as long as the Minimum number of authorizers has not been
reached.
The default value is set by the MAX REJECTIONS  policy.
3.Click Update . 3.
Assigning s t atic  authorizers
To assign s t atic  authorizers to a target system:
1.Navigate to the target system’s Authoriz ation  page  (on page 489). 1.
Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
2.Click Select... at the bottom  of the Authorizers table. 2.
3.Search for, or enable the checkboxes next to the authorizers that you want to assign.3.
4.Click Select at the bottom  of the page. 4.
Assigning authorizers by user class
To assign authorizers to a target system based on user class:
1.Navigate to the target system’s Authoriz ation  page  (on page 489). 1.
Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
2.To de fine  membership criteria: 2.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want ▪
to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click 
 Add new… . See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for full details ▪
on how to create a new user class.
3. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 3.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  membership.
4.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match 4.
All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .
 Removing users from membership
To remove users from membership, you can:
1.Edit user classes to change the participan ts. 1.
2.Delete user classes from the membership criteria.2.a.Navigate to the membership criteria  page where user classes are listed. a.
b.Enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want to delete.b.
3.Click Delete . 3.
Con figuring  target-system-level resource oper ations
De fine  resource oper ations  for target systems to:
▪Determine whether Bravura Security Fabric  connectors aut omatic ally  fulfill  requests or whether ▪
human agents will carry out tasks to fulfill  the requests.
▪Add implementers to a target system to de fine  who fulfills  account requests based on the target ▪
system if  Bravura Security Fabric  connector is not used.
By default, all oper ations  are set to be carried out by the connector. You can override resource oper ations
at the target system, group, and template level. If the oper ation  is set at target-system-level to be carried
out by an implementer, you must assign at least one implementer to the target system. If you do not do
this, requests involving the target system will be put on hold unless implementers are dynamically
assigned by a plugin.
Con figuring  inherited authoriz ation
If you enable the Default authoriz ation  for child resources, including templates and managed groups,
will be inherited from the target system option  on the Target system inf ormation  page the
implemen t ation  settings  from the target system will be inherited by managed groups and templates.
You can override the c onfiguration  at the group and/or template level. See Configuring  group-level
resource operations  (on page 601) for more inf ormation  about group implemen t ation  c onfiguration.  See
Configuring  template-level resource operations  (on page 627) for more inf ormation  about template
implemen t ation  c onfiguration.
Determining override levels
To set resource oper ation  override levels for a target system:
1.Navigate to the  Resource oper ations  page  (on page 489). 1.
2.Select:2.
▪No override the oper ation  is inherited from the target system type, which is by default connector ▪
enacted.
▪Connector oper ation  – the oper ation  will be connector enacted. ▪
▪Implementer oper ation  – the oper ation  will be implementer enacted. ▪
3.Click Update . 3.Assigning s t atic  implementers
When the target-system-level oper ation  is carried out by an implementer, an Implementers table is
included on the Implementer oper ation  page. You can remove or keep the inherited implementer, or add
new implementers for the target system.
To assign s t atic  implementers to a target system:
1.Navigate to the  Resource oper ations  page  (on page 489). 1.
2.Click Select... at the bottom  of the Implementers table. 2.
3.Search for, or select the checkboxes next to the implementers that you want to assign to the resource.3.
4.Click Select at the bottom  of the page. 4.
To remove s t atic  implementers from a target system:
1.Click Remove implementer in the same row as the user’s ID. 1.
2.Click Update at the bottom  of the page. 2.
Assigning implementers by user class
To assign implementers to a target system based on user class:
1.Navigate to the Resource oper ations  page  (on page 489). 1.
2.Click the User classes sub-tab. 2.3.To de fine  membership criteria: 3.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want ▪
to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click 
 Add new… . See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for full details ▪
on how to create a new user class.
4. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 4.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  membership.
5.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match 5.
All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .
 Removing users from membership
To remove users from membership, you can:
1.Edit user classes to change the participan ts. 1.
2.Delete user classes from the membership criteria.2.
a.Navigate to the membership criteria  page where user classes are listed. a.
b.Enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want to delete.b.
3.Click Delete . 3.
Con figuring  target-system-level role enforcement
The role enforcement engine can identif y  users who have excessive or insufficien t  access, and issue
w orkflo w  requests to correct variances. To set role-based access control (RBAC) enforcement options  for
target systems:
1.Navigate to the target system’s Role enforcement page  (on page 489). 1.
2.Select the Enabled checkbox. 2.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the r esolution  settings.
Role enforcement cannot be enabled on the target system until  at least one template account has
been c onfigured  for it.
3.If required, select a setting  for the R esolution  for de ficit  violation , to determine what action  Bravura 3.
Security Fabric  takes when it discovers users who do not have an account on the target system, when
they have a role that requires it:
▪Add resource▪
▪Request e x ception ▪▪Use parent role setting ▪
The default is to take the setting  from the target system’s parent role.
4.If required, select a setting  for the R esolution  for surplus violation , to determine what action  Bravura 4.
Security Fabric  takes when it discovers users who have an account on this target system, but do not
have a role that includes it:
▪Remove resource▪
▪Request e x ception ▪
The system default is displayed as the “E ff ectiv e  setting ” .
5.Click Update 5.
Global RBAC enforcement options  must also be set before these settings  can take e ff ect.
Gener ating  a pr ofile  s t atistics  report
To generate a simple report of users who have a de ficit  or surplus violation  for this target system, click
Generate . Bravura Security Fabric  does not issue violation  enforcement requests when you run this
report. To see a more detailed report, see the REPORTS  (on page 2891). To list violations  and issue
enforcement requests, run auto discovery  or use the rbacenforce program.  
T esting  users 
To determine whether an individual user has a de ficit  or surplus violation,  type the user’s Pr ofile  ID and
click Test. The user’s RBAC enforcement pr ofile  and request attribut e  must be set to true.
Customizing connector behavior
Use the Manage the system  (PSA) module to set registry entries that control the behavior of individual
connectors; for example, whether or not the Activ e  Directory connector should verify passwords against
the PDC emulator. To customize the in t er action  between an individual connector and the corresponding
target system:
1.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Connector behavior . 1.
2.Select the sub-menu item for the connector you want to customize, or click Options  for options  that 2.
apply to connector programs in general.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the options  page.
3.Select the appropriate option  to enable or disable, or type a value in the field  provided. 3.
4.Click Update at the bottom  of the page. 4.
The following sub sections  describe settings  for individual connectors.
Windows NT Server/domain
The following apply to all Windows NT type targets:Option Description
WINNT EMIT INFO If enabled, this registry setting  causes the agtnt
connector to return IP/DNS in f ormation  on reset.
WINNT RESET ENABLE ACCT Enable disabled Windows NT accounts after  a successful
password reset.
WINNT VERIFY DISABLED Allow Bravura Security Fabric  to verify passwords for
disabled Windows NT accounts.
By default, Bravura Security Fabric  returns failure if the
account is disabled.
Novell NDS
The following apply to all Windows NT type targets:
Option Description
NDS RESET CLR EXPIRY Expire NDS passwords this many hours after  an
adminis tr ativ e  reset.
Note: If the Force Periodic Password Changes” setting
is not enabled in NDS, Bravura Security Fabric  does not
enable this setting  after  a password reset.
NDS RESET ENABLE ACCT Enable disabled NDS accounts after  a successful
password reset.
NDS RESET EXPIRY INTERVAL By default, expire NDS passwords this many minutes
after  a password reset, if users have no expiry interval
set on the NDS server.
Note: If the Force Periodic Password Changes” setting
is not enabled in NDS, Bravura Security Fabric  does not
enable this setting  after  a password reset.
Groupwise Domain
If the GroupWise connector ( agtgrpw ) fails to retrieve user lists (typically due to mail infrastructure
problems), you can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to list users by enumer ating  each P os tOffice  rather
than from the domain directly. To do this, enable the GRPW LIST PO setting.
Connector Behavior Options
Proxy list r andomiz ation  
When a target system is c on figur ed  with a List of proxies to run connectors on , the default behavior is to
attemp t  to connect to the proxies in sequence in the order in which they are listed. The fir s t successful
c onnection  is used as the proxy to run the connector.You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to attemp t  to connect to proxies in random order. To do this,
enable the AGENT PROXY RANDOM setting  on the Manage the system > Maintenance > Connector
behavior  > Options  page.
Connector timeout  
Bravura Security Fabric  can trigger updates on external IT Service Management (Ticket) systems, and
send email to administrators when an connector times  out. The amount of time  before Bravura Security
Fabric  stops an connector is c on figur ed  in each target system’s Connector timeout  setting.
To activ a t e  this trigger, type the name of the program or target ID in the AGENT TIMEOUT field  on the
Manage the system > Maintenance > Connector behavior  > Options  page.  
Con figuring  target system oper ation  locking
Some target systems do not allow multiple  client c onnection  attemp ts  to occur simultaneously, so
connectors write lock files to prevent this from happening. Locks are also created when other programs
connect to a target system.
Some connector concurrency rules are pr e-de fined;  for example:
▪NDS (and related target systems such as GroupWise) have a pr e-de fined  lock: ▪
%LDIR%NWCLIENT.lock .
If an oper ation  on the NDS target system nds1 triggers a lock, the following lock file is created:
<Program Files path>\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\Locks
\NWCLIENT.lock
No other target systems that use this lock (groupwise1, nds2) can do anything until  the lock is
removed.
▪Windows server target systems have a pr e-de fined  lock: ▪
%LDIR%NTCLIENT%HOST%.lock .
So if an oper ation  on the Windows server target system nt1 triggers a lock, the following lock file is
created:
<Program Files path>\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\Locks
\NTCLIENTNT1.lock.
No other oper ations  can be performed on nt1, however oper ations  can still be performed on other
Windows server target systems.
When to add manual locks
Under normal circumstances you do not need to set manual locks because there are already internal
locks set; however, in some circumstances manual locks are necessary. For example, when using a
mainframe system and a Telnet connector with no inherent locks, your mainframe target system may
limit the target system administrator  to have only one login at a time.  In this situation,  you need to set a
manual lock so you do not attemp t  to simultaneously have two login sessions using the same
administrator ID.