Option Description
CERT SINGLE USER CONFIGURATION Type the ID of a saved certific ation  setup to load default attribut es  to
display, and the r emediation  pr e-de fined  requests, when initiating  a review
of all entitlemen ts  for a user from their pr ofile  page.
CERT SIZE WARNING THRESHOLD Display a warning to the certific ation  campaign initia t or  if the number of
selected items exceeds the threshold.
CERT VALIDITY INTERVAL The in f ormation  being certified  is valid for this many days after  the
certific ation  has finished,  with the e x ception  of self -certific ation,  which is
not counted.
If a new certific ation  campaign is started within this time  frame, the users,
login IDs, and group memberships certified  in the previous campaign are
identified  as certified.  The most recent certific ation  of any type is used
when determining if the data is current; for example, if group memberships
were certified  during a target certific ation,  those memberships are
identified  as certified  if a group certific ation  is started within the validity
interval.
Items that are identified  as certified  can be optionally  r e-certified  to extend
their validity.
ORGCHART MODS FREEZE CERT
SEGMENTSEnable this option  if you want to ensure that OrgChart modific ations,  such
as transfers and new subordinates, do not cause changes to an ongoing
certific ation  campaign process; for example, segments will not be
reopened, and segments will not be added for new subordinate managers.
When disabled, for example, segments for managers who are detached
during a certific ation  campaign will be closed, and deleting  a sub-manager
will cause esc alations.
This option  is disabled by default.
Do not enable or disable this option  during an activ e  certific ation  campaign;
it will cause the behavior to change.
Manage certific ation  process (CERT) events that launch interface programs
The following certific ation  options  can be accessed from Manage the system  > Maintenance > System
variables  or Manage the system  > Modules > Manage certific ation  process (CERT):
Option Description
CERT REMOVE USER SUCCESS A user is successfully removed during an access certific ation
campaign.
CERT SIGN OFF An access certific ation  campaign completes.
CERT START ROUND FAILURE An access certific ation  campaign fails to start.
CERT START ROUND SUCCESS An access certific ation  campaign starts successfully.Edit the sign-off  statement
When reviewers have finished  reviewing the in f ormation  in their certific ation  campaign, they are asked
to electronically sign a statement to the e ff ect  that their certific ation  has been completed.
You can modify the text of this agreement to match the requirements of your or g aniz ation.  To do this,
edit the value of CERT_STATEMENT or CERT_STATEMENT_MANAGER in the custom en-us-
language.kvg  file. Be sure to rebuild the skin files by running make.bat  in the design directory.
See CUSTOMIZATION  (on page 3471) for details.Part X Inventory ManagementImplementing  Inventory Management
Inventory management involves provisioning items such as tokens or physical devices, and tracking and
managing stock in an inventory database. In Bravura Security Fabric , inventory management services are
provided by Bravura Identity . It can be integrated with e xisting  asset management systems.
Bravura Identity  allows you to assign inventory items to users in the same way that system access is
created, and can notif y  appropriate people when items need to be delivered, shipped, or recovered.
In general, the Bravura Identity  inventory provisioning process works as follows:
1.A requester logs into the Bravura Security Fabric  web applic ation  and selects a menu item which 1.
allows him to either create a new user pr ofile  or request new resources for an e xisting  user.
2.The requester selects templates r epr esenting  item types and loc ations  on a RSA Authentic ation 2.
Manager 7.1/8.2, Vasco IDENTIKEY Server, or placeholder (null) target system.
Inventory templates can be included in roles with account templates or can depend on the cr eation  of
accounts.
3.The user submits the request and Bravura Identity enters it into authoriz ation  w orkflo w . 3.
Individual items can be aut omatic ally  assigned at this point.
4.If applicable, the W orkflo w  Manager Service routes the requests to the appropriate authorizers for 4.
authoriz ation  and ensures that all requests have sufficien t  approval.
Individual items can be aut omatic ally  assigned at this point.
5.If applicable, an implementer selects and ensures delivery of the items.5.
This chapter explains how Bravura Identity  can be used to manage inventory and illustrates this with case
studies. The diagram below details one way in which inventory items are provisioned once the system is
c on figur ed.
W orkflo w  for token inventory provisioningHow inventory lists are maintained
Bravura Identity  maintains a list of inventory items in its database. You can use the manageinv  program
to batch load items, or use the web interface to manage individual inventory items in the database. You
can also write a plugin to maintain the list on an external source.
Bravura Identity  identifies  inventory items by loc ation  and type. Inventory items become available for
provisioning to users after  the inventory item type and loc ation  are bound to RSA Authentic ation
Manager 7.1/8.2 or Vasco IDENTIKEY Server target systems or to a placeholder through the use of a
template.
Who manages inventory
Bravura Identity  is fle xible  enough to accommodate your e xisting  w orkflo w  and areas of responsibility.
Inventory management can be handled by Bravura Identity  administrators, and can include regular users
de fined  as inventory managers , authorizers , implementers and inventory managers-implementers .
Bravura Identity  product administrator s can use the Manage the system (PSA) module to:
▪ De fine  inventory target systems and templates. ▪
▪ De fine  item types and loc ations. ▪
▪Assign inventory managers to item types and loc ations. ▪
▪Assign authorizers and implementers.▪
▪Add items to the database (they can also do this in batches).▪
▪Modify all item pr operties,  including states. ▪
Inventory managers can manage inventory items by loc ation  and type.
Using the Manage inventory  (IDV) module, an assigned inventory manager can:
▪Add inventory items to the Bravura Security Fabric database. ▪
▪Change the state of an item.▪
▪Change the loc ation  of an item if they are responsible for the same item types in diff er en t  loc ations. ▪
▪Unassign items.▪
Authorizers can approve or deny requests for inventory items, via the Requests  app.
Implementers can fulfill  requests for inventory items. Implementers can act on a task after  a request has
been approved. Using the Requests  app, they can:
▪Accept, decline or delegate the task.▪
▪Mark the task as complete or could not be completed.▪
Implementers who are also an inventory manager have the most fle xibility  to fulfill  requests for inventory
items. These users can act on a task after  a request has been approved. Using the Requests  app they can:
▪Accept, decline or delegate the task.▪
▪Reserve an inventory item.▪
▪Mark the task as complete or could not be completed.▪▪Change the state of an item.▪
▪Change the loc ation  of an item if they are responsible for the same item types in diff er en t  loc ations. ▪
▪Unassign items.▪
How inventory is assigned to users
Inventory items can be assigned to users in the Bravura Identity  database in a number of ways,
depending on the c on figur ation:
▪When the resource is requested▪
Bravura Identity  can aut omatic ally  allocate the fir s t available inventory item with the type and
loc ation  specified  by the template account.
▪When the request is fulfilled ▪
Implementers can reserve an item after  they accept the task of delivering the item.
A request cannot proceed if there are no items available to fulfill  it. You can c on figur e  a plugin to check
inventory levels on a nightly basis and notif y  responsible personnel when stocks are low. See ?? for more
in f ormation  about this plugin.
Item states
Bravura Identity  keeps track of an item by altering its state  attribut e  in the database or external source.
The diagram below illustrates the r elationship  between inventory items, states, and provisioning
w orkflo w .  In this figur e,  options  available by default are represented in blue. Yellow represents options
that you must c on figur e.
Inventory states and w orkflowWhen its state changes, appropriate users are notified.  Inventory managers and product administrator  s
can use the Bravura Security Fabric  interface to move items between states. Users cannot change states
in a way that would violate rules by which items are managed; for example, they cannot change a state
from assigned to reserved.  
Setting  up inventory management
Before you start c on figuring  Bravura Identity  for inventory management, answer the following questions:
▪How do you de fine  inventory by type and loc ation? ▪
▪What target systems and templates are required?▪
▪What inventory states are required?▪
▪Are inventory lists to be maintained in the Bravura Identity database or on an external source ▪
▪What authoriz ation  is required? ▪
▪Does provisioning of an item depend on ownership of accounts on other target systems?▪
▪Do you need to de fine  inventory managers? ▪
▪Will inventory managers also approve inventory requests?▪
▪Will inventory managers use the Bravura Security Fabric  web interface to manage inventory? ▪
You should also set up a test environment before deploying Bravura Identity  for inventory provisioning.
To manage inventory items:
1.Set up a placeholder or RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 or Vasco IDENTIKEY Server inventory 1.
target system  (on page 2657) to manage inventory.
2.Set up item types and loc ations  (on page 2667). 2.
3.Add inventory templates  (on page 2668). 3.
4. Optional:  Con figur e  additional  inventory states  (on page 2678) and inventory managers  (on page 4.
2688).
5.Add inventory items  (on page 2688) to the Bravura Identity database or an external database. 5.
6. Optional:  Con figur e  additional  features and settings  (on page 2696). 6.
Con figur ation  examples and use cases
Inventory management w orkflo w  is highly customizable. The following use cases represent a few possible
c on figur ations.
Use case: RSA SecurID Authentic a t or  provisioning
The following use case illustrates the w orkflo w  for RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 token
provisioning:
1.A user submits a request for a new account. The user enters user attribut es,  selects the RSA 1.
Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 template, and enters a password.
2.A user who can authorize requests will review the request and approve it. The request is then2.
approved.3.The request is processed and sent to the connector.3.
4.The RSA Authentic ation  Manager connector sends the request to the RSA Authentic ation  Manager 4.
7.1/8.2 server.
5.The RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 server receives the request and: 5.
a.Creates the user account if it doesn’t already exist.a.
b.Assigns the token to the user.b.
c.Sets the password of the RSA Authentic ation  Manager user as the password of one of the c.
c on figur ed  attribut es.
d.Sets the PIN of the token as the password.d.
e.If any of the above oper ations  fail, unassigns the token. e.
6.Upon success the token inventory manager is notified  to deliver the token to the user. 6.
7.The user is notified  of the new account, and is given ins tructions  on how to activ a t e  the token using 7.
the Bravura Pass token management module.
Use case: Item provisioning with an implementer who is also the inventory manager and authorizer
For this use case a company uses the following c on figur ation  to provision smart phones to users in New
York City:
▪Inventory items SPH123 and SPH456 are included in a group of items classified  by type=SPH and ▪
loc ation=Ne w  York City.
▪Items classified  by type=SPH and loc ation=Ne w  York City are c on figur ed  to use ”In transit/Received by ▪
user” states.
▪User ADAM is assigned as an inventory manager for smart phones in New York City.▪
▪An inventory template account is de fined  as: ▪
ID INV_SPH
Target system Warehouse (NULL Target)
Password required deselected
Item type SPH
Loc ation New York City
Resource oper ations Implementer
Authorizer ADAM
Implementer ADAM
▪A pr e-de fined  request is de fined  as: ▪
ID PDR_SPH
Description Order a new smart phone
Oper ations New account: Template account = INV_SPH
Attribut es APP_BUILTIN
Access control _EXISTING_USERS_ = REQUESTER
When an inventory item is provisioned using the above c on figur ation: