8.User : finds  the user in the mobile device’s Contacts list that was added from the Bravura One  app. It 8.
contains the contact record from the vCard pr ofile  attribut es.
9.User : calls the user using the mobile device. 9.Accessing Bravura Security Fabric  via a mobile browser
Users can access a c on figur ed  Bravura Security Fabric  instance via browsers on a mobile device.
Supported devices are:
▪Android version 4.4 or higher▪
▪iOS version 9 or higher▪
Supported browsers are:
▪Chrome▪
▪Safari▪
To access the Bravura Security Fabric  instance connect your device to an appropriate network, open a
browser window, and enter the instance URL. Follow the standard procedures to log into the Front-end
(PSF).
Desktop and mobile view
Most browsers will default to the correct view for Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally .  However, a link is
available on the login page to switch views if necessary.
Click Switch to mobile view to view Bravura Security Fabric  on a mobile device. The mobile view displays
a mobile-friendly version of Bravura Security Fabric , optimiz ed  specific ally  for browsers on mobile
devices.Click Switch to desktop view to view Bravura Security Fabric  on a desktop machine. The desktop view
has been designed for accessing Bravura Security Fabric  on a desktop or laptop computer.
The selected view will be remembered for that browser, until  the browser cache is cleared.Part VIII PluginsCon figuring  plugins
Bravura Security Fabric  includes an extensive plugin architecture that allows you to extend its
functionality  and customize its interface with other programs. Some built-in plugin programs are
distributed with Bravura Security Fabric . You can also write custom plugin programs or scripts. All plugin
programs and scripts must be placed in the plugin directory. The programs and scripts use plugin points
that you enable when c on figuring  Bravura Security Fabric  using the Manage the system  (PSA) module.
In general, most plugin points are synchronous. They work in the following way:
1.An event triggers a CGI program to call the plugin program or script and send it input.1.
2.The calling program waits while the plugin program or script executes.2.
3.The plugin program or script finishes  e x ecuting  and sends its output to the calling program. 3.
4.The calling program receives the response from the plugin program or script and then c ontinues. 4.
Filter plugins are an e x ception  to this general rule. They receive “streaming” input from stdin, and output
a result to stdout, for each item being filt er ed.  See Filter users  (on page 1049) and Filter resources  (on
page 2354) for more in f ormation  about writing  filt er  plugins.
Exit traps diff er  from plugin points in that all exit traps are asynchronous. That is, the calling program
starts the interfaced program and does not wait for a response. See Event actions  (exit traps)  (on page
1523) for more in f ormation  about exit traps.
Plugin points and programs
Plugin programs with a .pss extension are built-in.
Plugin points and programs
Plugin point Purpose Shipped / Built-in
Manage the System > Resources > Target systems
Program to generate a list
of target systemsGenerate a list of sub hosts for the target
systems.
See Target systems composed of multiple
servers  (on page 503).dcselect, discgrpw, unixsub,
w2kranddc  (on page 503)
Program to set the case of
new IDsDe fines  the case of new IDs created on a
target system or creates numerical ID
based on a user attribut e.
See Compose t ar g e t -specific  account IDs
(on page 2398)upper.pss, lower.pss  (on page 2398)
Manage the system > Policies > Password policies
require the password to be
approved by this pluginDisplays and enforces additional  password
strength rules.
See Adding new rules with a plugin  (on
page 1011).pass filt.p sl  (on page 1012) or
netvalidatepwpol.exe  (on page 1014)warn if the password is not
approved by this pluginA warning will be generated if the
password does not pass the password
policy of the specified  plugin.pass filt.p sl  (on page 1012)
generate random
passwords using this
pluginSpecify a plugin to generate random
passwords instead of the built-in password
generator.
See Gener ating  random passwords with a
plugin  (on page 1020).randpasswd.exe  (on page 1020)
Manage the system  > Policies  > Login options
LOGOUT REDIRECT PLUGIN Provides a method to redirect users after
logging out.
See R edir ecting  users on logout  (on page
831).None
Manage the system > Policies > Question  sets
External program Print questions  that the user or help desk
user must answer, and either print or
validate answers.
See External question  sets and
authentic ation  plugins  (on page 1032).odbcqa  (on page 1037), resextqa  (on
page 1039)
Plugin for v alidating
answersTest the strength of questions  and answers
when a user is updating  their Question
sets.
See Security question  response v alidation
(on page 1040).None
Manage the system > Policies > Segr eg ation  of duties  rules
Plugin to enable e x ception Allow e x ceptions  in some cases when the
Ex ceptions  not allowed  option  is enabled.
See Plugin to enable e x ception  (on page
813).None
Manage the system > Policies > System interfaces
GET PASSWORD EXT Supply a password to the Change
passwords  page when a help desk user
changes a caller’s password from the Help
users (IDA) module.
See Keeping passwords secret from
product administrators  (on page 836).None
PARSE ACCOUNT EXT Not currently supported. None
Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Pr ofile  and request attribut es > Attribut e  logic
ATTR VALIDATION PLUGIN Validates and provides values for attribut es
according to business logic.
See V alidating  and g ener ating  attribut e
values  (on page 1290).NonePAM ATTR VALIDATION
PLUGINValidates and provides values for attribut es
according to business logic for Bravura
Privilege  requests.
See V alidating  and g ener ating  attribut e
values  (on page 1290).None
Plugin used to generate a
list of restricted valuesSupplies values for pr ofile  and request
attribut es.
See Restricted values  (on page 1279).None
Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Email c on figur ation
GLOBAL MAIL PLUGIN Sends email, either to users or to a file.
See Modifying global mail settings  (on
page 415).global-mail-plugin.py,  (on page 417)
plugin-email-domino.exe  (on page
417)
Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Deleg ation
DELEGATION OPTIONS
PLUGINRestricts deleg ation  options  such as to
whom a primary can delegate.
See Con figuring  a deleg ation  plugin  (on
page 1383).deleg ation-de f ault.p sl  (on page 1383)
Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Esc alation
ESCALATION PLUGIN Determines to whom a request should be
escalated when an authorizer does not act
in time.
See Esc alation  (on page 1386).escorgchart.pss  (on page 1386)
FIRST CHANCE
ESCALATION PLUGINDetermines whether a request should be
escalated at the time  an authorizer is fir s t
assigned to a request.
See Esc alating  requests immediately when
authorizers are assigned  (on page 1392).None
Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Aut omation
AUTO ASSIGNMENT
REQUEST SPLITThe name of the plugin script to split an
aut omatic  assignment request into
separate requests.
See Aut omatic  assignment request splitting
(on page 2446).None
AUTO ASSIGNMENT
VARIANCE FILTERThe name of the plugin script to filt er
aut omatic  assignment variance de t ections
before aut omatic  submission.
See Aut omatic  assignment filt ering  (on
page 2449).None
Manage the system  > W orkflo w  > Options  > PluginsIDACCESS OWNERS
PLUGINDynamically assigns group owners in
addition  to, or instead of, those assigned
by the network resource plugin.
See Group owner selection  using a plugin
(on page 2491).None
AUTHORIZATION DETAIL
MASK PLUGINDetermine whether authoriz ation  details
about the request should be displayed to
the user viewing the request.
See Hiding authoriz ation  details  (on page
1428).None
IDSYNCH AUTH CRITERIA
MOD PLUGINDynamically assigns authorizers to approve
requests. Adds or removes authorizers
after  the request has been worked on.
See Selecting  authorizers using a plugin  (on
page 1363).None
IDSYNCH ID PLUGIN Aut omatic ally  generates a pr ofile  ID.
See Assigning Pr ofile  IDs (on page 2387).plugin-id.psl  (on page 2387)
IDSYNCH IMPLEMENTER
PLUGINProduces a list of implementers who can
be assigned to fulfill  requests.
See Determining implementers  (on page
2402).None
IDSYNCH IMPLTASK
PLUGINDecides if an oper ation  is performed by an
implementer or connector.
See Assigning tasks to implementers  (on
page 2404).None
IDSYNCH USERS EMAIL
PLUGINDetermines users’ email addresses.
See Using the email address plugin  (on
page 414).None
IDSYNCH WORKFLOW
MOD VIEW PLUGINModify what oper ations  are displayed to
viewers of a request.
See Modifying how oper ations  are viewed
(on page 1431). 
IDWFM REQUEST REWRITE
PLUGINRewrites requests before they are sent to
authorizers.
See R e writing  custom requests  (on page
1418).None
PAM IDWFM REQUEST
REWRITE PLUGINRewrites requests before they are sent to
authorizers for Bravura Privilege  requests.
See R e writing  custom requests  (on page
1418).None
VIEW GROUPS PLUGIN Allow members of a user class to access
group reports. The reports can be saved in
CSV format and downloaded for viewing.
See View groups plugin  (on page 1203).vie w_gr oup_filt er_and_click able_link.py
(on page 1203)WF WIZARD PLUGIN Allows requests to be validated and
updated. Provides control over user
in t er action  when submitting  a request.
See R e writing  pr e-de fined  requests  (on
page 1416).None
PASSWORD GEN PLUGIN Aut omatic ally  generates initial  passwords
for new requests.
See Gener ating  passwords for new
accounts  (on page 2399).None
Manage the system > Inventory > Options
CHECK INVENTORY PLUGIN Checks levels of inventory and notifies
inventory managers when stocks are low.
See Checking inventory levels  (on page
2696).checkstock.exe  (on page 2696)
EXT INVENTORY PLUGIN Manages inventory item in f ormation  in an
external source.
See Managing inventory lists on an
external source  (on page 2696).None
Manage the system > Modules > Digital ID (DID)
DID REG VALIDATION
PLUGINValidate incoming requests for new Digital
ID r egis tr ation  requests.
See Digital ID r egis tr ation  (on page 1173).nos-validate.pss  (on page 1173)
Manage the system > Modules > External Data Store (DBE)
DBE ACL PLUGIN Grant write access to the Manage external
data store to particular  product
administrators.
See External Data Store  (on page 1163).
Manage the system  > Modules > Front-end (PSF)
DOWNLOAD PLUGIN Downloads files from the Front-end user
page.None
PSF PLUGIN Displays additional  HTML on the Front-end
user page.
See Adding new functionality  and HTML
(on page 1149).control/plugin_psf.py
Manage the system  > Modules > Change passwords (PSS)
S CHANGE EXTSupply HTML to the Change passwords
page of the Change passwords (PSS)
module.
See Adding new functionality  and HTML
(on page 1149).scpinplugin  (on page 1648)S STATUS EXT Supply HTML to the password status page
of the Change passwords (PSS) module.
See Adding new functionality  and HTML
(on page 1149).cgilocalr  (on page 1580)
Manage the system  > Modules > Help users (IDA)
A RESET EXT Supply HTML to the Change passwords
page of the Help users (IDA) module.
See Adding new functionality  and HTML
(on page 1149).scpinplugin  (on page 1648)
Manage the system  > Modules > Manage certific ation  process (CERT)
CERT DELEGATION PLUGIN Specify a plugin to select a reviewer and
delegate to a certific ation  segment.
See Manage certific ation  process (CERT)
(on page 1158).certifier_and_deleg a t es
Manage the system  > Modules > Privileged access
PSW DISCLOSURE PLUGIN Determine what access disclosure plugins,
and with what settings,  are available to
users when attempting  to access privileged
passwords.
See Use a plugin to de fine  access
disclosure plugins  (on page 1856).None
Manage the system > Modules > Session monitor
SMON OPTIONS PLUGIN Activ a t e  session monitoring based on the
requester, privileged account, or system,
and override policy settings
See Session monitor app  (on page 1255).plugin-smon-options.p sl
Manage the system > Modules > User notific ations  (PSN)
PSN MODIFY ORDER AND
REDIRECT PLUGINModify the order of notific ations  and
redirect users as they navigate and act on
notific ations.
See Modify notific ations  and redirect users
(on page 1189).None
Manage the system  > Modules> Manage reports (RPT)
REPORT GRAPH PLUGIN Generate report graphs.
See Report graph plugin  (on page 1200).plugin-graph-phantomjs  (on page
1200)
REPORT TO PDR REQUEST
CANCELLATION PLUGINAllow c ancellation  of requests generated
from reports.
See Report to pr e-de fined  request
c ancellation  plugin  (on page 1201).report_to_pdr_request
_c ancellation_plugin  (on page 1201)
REPORT CRITERIA PLUGIN Control report search criteria.
See Report criteria plugin  (on page 1202). 
Manage the system  > Modules> Options