Access to self-service is available from a PC web browser, from the Windows login screen, using a
telephone or using the mini web browser on a smart phone.
Password policy
Password policy enforcement
Bravura Pass  can enforce a uniform global policy in addition  to the various password policies enforced
nativ ely  on each target system. It can also apply multiple  alt ernativ e  password policies to groups of
systems.
The built-in password policy engine includes over 50 standard rules, plus a regular expression engine and
plugin system that allows or g aniz ations  to de fine  new rules and rule sets. Open-ended password history
and dictionar y  checks are included.
Expiry notific ation  / early warning
Bravura Pass  aut omatic ally  reminds users to change their passwords regularly. This facility pre-empts
nativ e  password e xpir ation  on target systems and encourages users to synchronize their passwords with
a friendly, web-based user interface.
Users are prompted to change passwords either by receiving email with an embedded URL to the
Bravura Pass  server, or by responding to a web browser window that is opened during their network
login script.
RSA SecurID token management
Bravura Pass  allows users who have RSA SecurID Authentic a t or s  (tokens) to manage their tokens from a
web browser using the Manage tokens  (PSP) module, or a telephone using an integrated IVR system.
Specific ally ,  you can c on figur e  Bravura Pass  to allow users to do any of the following:
▪Enable or disable their tokens▪
▪Clear their PIN▪
▪Set a new PIN▪
▪Request emergency access codes▪
▪Clear their previously-requested emergency access codes▪
▪Re-synchronize their token clock with the RSA Authentic ation  Server ▪
This facility is separate from password management. You cannot synchronize SecurID PINs with
passwords unless alpha-numeric PINs are allowed, which is not true in most or g aniz ations.  If alpha-
numeric PINs are enabled on your RSA Authentic ation  Manager Server, then you can synchronize PINs
with passwords using Bravura Pass .
▪If you have an RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 system installed on your network, the Bravura ▪
Security connector uses the Java API to update and retrieve in f ormation  from the RSA Authentic ation
Manager 7.1/8.2 server.
To set up token management using Bravura Security Fabric , you must:1.Prepare the RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 server for in t egr ation  and add it as a target on 1.
Bravura Security Fabric .
See the Authentic ation  (Tokens/MFA)  in the Connector Pack  documen t ation  for more in f ormation
about in t egr ating  with this system.
2.Run auto discovery  to load data from the RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2 server. 2.
3.Enable and c on figur e  the Manage tokens  (PSP) module to allow users to manage their own tokens. 3.
See   Modules > Manage tokens  (on page 1192).
4. Optionally ,  c on figur e  the Help users  (IDA) module to allow help desk user s to manage tokens on users’ 4.
behalf.
See   Modules > Help users  (on page 1174).Web-based password management
Web-based password management involves the following softw ar e:
Softw ar e Purpose
Change passwords (PSS) module Enables users to change passwords for one or more of
their accounts.
Unlock encrypted systems/accounts (HDD) module Enables users to reset or unlock access to accounts on
an encrypted target system.
Help users (IDA) module Allows help desk users to make changes on user’s
behalf.
Unlock accounts (PSR) module Enables users to unlock accounts.
Password Manager service Can be used to queue password changes if they fail on
a target system.
This section  describes Bravura Pass ’s web-based password management features in more detail.
Password s ynchr oniz ation
Password s ynchr oniz ation  is de fined  as any process or technology that helps users to maintain a single
password, subject to a single security policy, and changing on a single schedule, across multiple  systems.
End users can synchronize some or all of their passwords by using the Bravura Pass  web interface to
make r outine  password changes. Adminis tr ativ e  users, known as help desk user s, can use the web
interface to synchronize passwords on behalf of callers.
The c on figur ed  password policy for the relevant systems is clearly displayed to users and enforced
immediately. This ensures that the password is accepted by the nativ e  password security mechanism on
all target systems. Bravura Pass  validates the password against the global password policy. If the
password is accepted, Bravura Pass  synchronizes the passwords on the select systems.
Password change and s ynchr oniz ation  with a web browser is more in f ormativ e  and educ ational  than
transparent password s ynchr oniz ation  but requires users to change their behavior. A user awareness
program is often  required to encourage use of this feature.
Self-service password changes
Users who have f or g otten  a password or triggered an intruder lockout can log into Bravura Pass  with
another form of authentic ation  to perform self-service password changes. Supported authentic ation
factors include answering security questions,  using a hardware token, using a biometric sample, and
using smart cards.
If a user wants to perform a r outine  password change (for example, due to upcoming expiry or to
synchronize their passwords) they can access the Bravura Pass  using their e xisting  password, or any of
the above authentic ation  factors.
Once authentic a t ed,  users can change or un-expire their passwords without calling the help desk.
Bravura Pass  can aut omatic ally  create tick e ts  on a call tracking system for the event.General flo w  for web-based password changes
1.A user signs into the Bravura Pass  web interface. 1.
2.The user selects the Change Password s option 2.
3.If the user has accounts which belong to diff er en t  target system groups  (on page 562), they may be 3.
presented an option  to select which target system group they would like to change passwords for.
4.On the left pane Bravura Pass  shows the accounts to be changed. On the right side of the UI it shows 4.
the password strength rules that the entered password "must" (required) or "should" (warning) meet.
These password strength rules are sourced from the password policy  (on page 999) assigned to the
target system group for the target systems  (on page 480) from which their accounts to be changed
reside.
5.The user begins to type their desired new password into the New password  field 5.
6.For each character input by the user, their entered password string will be evaluated against each of6.
the password strength rules.
When the currently entered password matches a password strength rule, that password strength rule
entry will be highlighted green. - When the currently entered password does not match a password
strength rule, that rule entry will be highlighted red. If a "must" c ondition  is highlighted red the
Change Passwords button  will be grayed out. If a "should" c ondition  is highlighted red, it will not
cause the Change Passwords  c ondition  to be grayed out.
7.The user clicks Change passwords. 7.
If a "should" c ondition  is red when doing so the UI will not change the password and report a warning
along these lines: Please choose a stronger password, or resubmit to ignore
this warning and continue with the selected, weak password .8.Bravura Pass  will proceed to change the passwords of each account and will report if those individual 8.
oper ations  occurred successfully.
See Changing Your Passwords  in the End User Documen t ation  for more use cases.
Self-service encrypted hard drive recovery
Or g aniz ations  deploy full disk encr yption  (FDE) softw ar e  to protect against data leakage in the event that
a corporate w ork s t ation  is lost or stolen. With FDE, users are generally required to authentic a t e  with a
password to unlock the hard disk. This password is often  synchronized with the user’s primary Windows
password.
If a user forgets their hard disk encr yption  unlock password, the user will be unable to start the oper ating
system. This is a serious service disruption  for the user and can contribute to signific an t  support costs for
the IT help desk.
Instead of needing to contact the help desk, a user who has lost access to an encrypted system can log
into Bravura Pass  and access the Unlock encrypted systems/accounts  (HDD) module, which will provide
them with ins tructions  on how to acquire a challenge code for the system, if required. The relevant
connector will use this challenge code to generate a response code that can be used to unlock the
encrypted device.
For more in f ormation,  see Unlock encrypted hard disk  (on page 1625).
Assisted password changes
When a user calls the help desk, authorized support analysts can sign into the Bravura Pass  web user
interface, look up a caller’s pr ofile,  authentic a t e  the caller by keying in their answers to a set of personal
security questions,  and then change one or more of their passwords. A closed tick e t  can be aut omatic ally
written  to the call tracking system to record the help request.
Support s t a ff  do not require any privileges to systems on which Bravura Pass  allows them to change
passwords.
Self-service and assisted account unlock
Users who have locked an account due to too many failed login attemp ts  can use the Bravura Pass  web
interface to unlock their account. Help desk users can also use the web interface to unlock users.
Users access the Unlock accounts  (psk) module after  logging into Bravura Security Fabric  with a known
password or with another form of authentic ation.  Once authentic a t ed,  users can unlock their account
without calling the Help desk. If c on figur ed,  Bravura Pass  can aut omatic ally  create tick e ts  on a call
tracking system for the event.
Bravura Pass does not allow users to reactivat e  accounts that were disabled by an administrator.
To implement the self-service and assisted unlock feature, you must enable the Unlock accounts  (psk)
module. See   Modules > Unlock accounts  (on page 1184).Setting  up web-based password management
To implement web-based password management with Bravura Pass :
1.Carry out initial  setup as outlined in Initial  steps, including: 1.
▪ Con figuring  email notific ation  (on page 412) ▪
▪Adding target systems  (on page 480) ▪
▪ Importing  users  (on page 538) ▪
▪ Con figuring  authentic ation  (on page 820) ▪
2. Con figur e  target systems for password management. In particular ,  you can set the following options: 2.
▪Check password expiry▪
For Novell Directory Services (NDS), Micr osoft  Windows server, Activ e  Directory, and Micr osoft  SQL
Server target systems, Bravura Pass  can extract a list of users whose passwords will expire soon, or
have already expired.
The list can be used by the Bravura Security Fabric  notific ation  system to warn users of pending
expiry.
▪Program to generate a list of target systems▪
For Activ e  Directory, Unix, or GroupWise systems composed of Multiple  servers, you can use a sub-
host plugin to enforce or speed up s ynchr oniz ation.
See Plugins to learn how to write a sub-host plugin.
▪Allow users to change passwords▪
This setting  allows the connector (or agent) to change passwords on the system.
▪Accounts must be included in all password changes▪
This prevents users from de-selecting  accounts on the target system when changing passwords
using the web interface.
This applies only when the target system belongs to a target system group where web password
change r es trictions  are set to Any number of accounts can be selected for a password change or
All accounts are selected for password change .
▪Allow users to unlock accounts▪
This setting  allows users to unlock accounts using either the Unlock accounts  (PSR) module or Help
users  (IDA) module.
▪Display module settings ▪
Determine whether to include accounts from a target system on the Change passwords  (PSS)
module, Unlock accounts  (PSR) module, or Help users  (IDA) module web interface.
See Target Systems  (on page 480) for a full list of target system settings.
3. Con figur e  password strength rules 3.
See Authentic ation  (on page 819) Password policy  (on page 999).
You may also need to determine whether a single password policy will apply to all target systems and
all users.
4. Con figur e  target system groups to apply password policy and web s ynchr oniz ation  r es trictions 4.You can set target system group options  to determine whether passwords must be synchronized, can
be unique, or must be unique across target systems.
See   Target system groups  (on page 562).
5. Con figur e  user access controls 5.
You must set up product administrators and c on figur e  their adminis tr ativ e  privileges before users can
access adminis tr ativ e  features. You can also fine tune access controls for regular users.
See   User types and access rules  (on page 671).
6. Con figur e  user notific ation  as required. 6.
You can use the notific ation  system to warn users of pending password expiry, enforce deployment
compliance, or other requirements.
See Notific ation  > Batch and web notific ation  (on page 431).
7. Con figur e  modules as required 7.
The Change passwords  (PSS) module is enabled by default. The User notific ations  (PSN) module and
Unlock accounts  (PSR) module must be enabled for these features to be activ a t ed.
See   Modules.Local Reset Extension: R esetting  cached cr edentials
Bravura Pass  uses Local Reset Extension to update cached network cr edentials  on a user’s Windows
client w ork s t ation  after  a successful web-based password reset. This addresses the issue of intruder lock-
outs caused by w ork s t ations  c ontinuing  to log into network resources using cached, no-longer-valid
passwords.
Cached cr edentials  on a user’s w ork s t ation
After  a password change with a web-based password management system, the cached cr edentials  on a
user’s w ork s t ation  may become unsynchronized with the user’s new domain password:
▪When a user logs into Windows, the w ork s t ation  stores their domain cr edentials  in a cache in ▪
memory.
▪When the user logs into other resources on the w ork s t ation  (shares, printers, Outlook/Exchange mail ▪
boxes, IIS web sites), it fir s t tries its cached domain password, and if this fails, it prompts the user to
type the correct password.
▪If the user changes their domain password from the w ork s t ation  there are no issues updating  the local ▪
cache. On Windows for example, with the [Ctrl]-[Alt]-[Delete]  process, Windows updates the local
cache, and there is no problem.
▪If the Help desk, another w ork s t ation,  or a web applic ation  changes the user’s password on the ▪
domain, then the w ork s t ation  cache becomes unsynchronized with the new domain password.
Subsequent attemp ts  to access network resources from the w ork s t ation  use the cached password,
increment the user’s "failed login attemp ts"  counter, and ultima t ely  trigger an intruder lockout.
▪Windows services that use network domain cr edentials  also validate against cached cr edentials.  When ▪
cached cr edentials  are unsynchronized, the user’s "failed login attemp ts"  counter is incremented and
an error is thrown that triggers a r eauthentic ation  prompt. If several services trigger at the same time,
the r eauthentic ation  prompt would not have time  to be shown as the user’s "failed login attemp ts"
counter is incremented for each failure and an intruder lockout is triggered immediately.
The problem for remote users
When a remote user that is not connected to the domain network logs into their current w ork s t ation,  the
w ork s t ation  uses cached domain cr edentials  to authentic a t e  the user. The user then connects to the
internal network using a RAS or VPN c onnection  and changes their password using the Bravura Pass web
interface. Changing the password on the web interface does not update the cached domain cr edentials.
This means, the user's cached w ork s t ation  cr edentials  would still be set to the old password even though
their domain cr edentials  have been updated to a new password. 
Once a user’s cached and domain cr edentials  c on flict,  they will be unable to log back into their
w ork s t ation  without fir s t c onnecting  to the domain. The remote user, once logged out, would need to
connect to the domain through RAS or VPN before logging back into their w ork s t ation  for their cached
cr edentials  to be updated. If RAS is c on figur ed  to use the cached Windows password, the user will not be
able to log into the RAS network and will be locked out of their w ork s t ation.See Self-Service Anywhere: Reset f or g otten,  cached passwords while away from the office  (on page 1624)
for more in f ormation.
The Bravura Pass  solution  using Local Reset Extension
To eliminate these problems, Bravura Pass  utiliz es  Local Reset Extension that is c ompatible  with most
browsers, including Chrome, Edge Chromium and Firefox. Local Reset Extension silently updates the
user’s password cache on the w ork s t ation  after  a web-based password change.
Local Reset Extension:
▪Is signed by Bravura Security.▪
▪Works on Windows client versions 8 and newer for both 32-bit and 64-bit versions.▪
▪Works with Google Chrome, Micr osoft  Edge Chromium and Mozilla Firefox. ▪
▪The Bravura Security Browser Extension is required to be installed on the browser.▪
▪This extension can be found in the Chrome and Firefox web stores and will appear in the list of▪
extensions for the browser once installed.
▪Includes a nativ e  extension installed on the users' Windows client w ork s t ations  that: ▪
▪Is able to recognize users who log in with IDs in the <userid>@<domain> format as well as the▪
standard Pr ofile  ID.
▪Is normally cached by the supported web browser, so is generally only downloaded once.▪
▪This extension is installed using browser-extension-win-x86.msi  for Edge Chromium or ▪
Google Chrome, or firefox-extension-win-x64.msi  / firefox-extension-
x86.msi  for Firefox.
Where Local Reset Extension is used to update cached domain passwords, the user’s w ork s t ation  must
be on the network and be able to authentic a t e  to the domain. This works for loc ally -attached  users and
users on a corporate VPN c onnection.  Local Reset Extension cannot update cached passwords for users
accessing Bravura Pass through a reverse web proxy from outside the corporate network.
It is recommended that, after  users reset their cached password using Local Reset Extension, they then
log out and then log back into the w ork s t ation  in order to ensure network c onnectivity .  The Change
passwords  (PSS) module displays a message after  a password reset:
If you were logged into your w ork s t ation,  log out now. You must log in with your new password to
ensure that your w ork s t ation  does not try to use your old password to access network resources.
 
Updating  locally protected resources
The Local Reset Extension includes nplocalr.ocx , which is designed to update locally protected resources.
It can be used to clear PGP WDE cache passwords so that the new password can be used on the next
start-up of the PGP client.
See Hard Drive Encr yption  Systems  in the Connector Pack documen t ation  for in f ormation  about
in t egr ating  with PGP WDE encr yption  clients.Con figur e  Local Reset Extension
The Bravura Pass  Local Reset Extension can be used with the following browsers:
▪Edge Chromium▪
▪Google Chrome▪
▪Firefox▪
The Local Reset Extension only works on Windows. Mac OS X and other operating  systems are not
supported.
For all browsers, the Local Reset Extension comprises of a nativ e  extension and the Bravura Security
browser extension.
The Local Reset Extension is c on figur ed  by:
▪An administrator c on figuring  Bravura Pass  to use the Local Reset Extension plugin  (on page 1580). ▪
▪The Bravura Security browser extension being installed for Chrome, Edge Chromium, and/or Firefox on▪
each user's Windows client w ork s t ation  from the Chrome or Firefox web stores.
The end user manually installs the Bravura Security browser extension for Google Chrome, Edge
Chromium, or Firefox from the Chrome or Firefox web stores while r eseting  their password using
Bravura Pass .
See here for ins t allation  details:
▪ Con figur e  Local Reset Browser Extension on Chrome or Edge Chromium  (on page 1584) ▪
▪ Con figur e  Local Reset Browser Extension on Firefox  (on page 1584) ▪
▪The nativ e  extension being installed on each user's Windows client w ork s t ation: ▪
▪firefox-extension-win-x86.msi  or firefox-extension-x64.msi for Firefox.  (on ▪
page 1584)
▪browser-extension-win-x86.msi for Edge Chromium or Google Chrome  (on page 1584). ▪
The nativ e  extension can be installed by an administrator or end user with the following methods:
▪An administrator manually installs the appropriate nativ e  extension on each user's w ork s t ation. ▪
▪An administrator aut omatic ally  installs the nativ e  extension on users' w ork s t ations  using group ▪
policy.
▪The end user manually downloads and installs the nativ e  extension on their own Windows ▪
w ork s t ation  while r eseting  their password using Bravura Pass.
Con figuring  the Local Reset Extension plugin
The cgilocalr plugin updates local resources and runs commands after  a web-based password
change via Bravura Pass .
▪pslocalr.ocx  silently updates the user’s Windows password cache. With this plugin the user may ▪
c ontinue  using domain resources without logging out and back into their w ork s t ation  after  a password
change.