3.Click Customize ins t allation . 3.
4.Use all Optional  Features . 4.5.On the Advanced Options  screen, select Install for all users , and ensure that the path is correct in the 5.
Custom install loc ation .6.Click Install . 6.
Support for virtual machines
Bravura Security Fabric  is c ompatible  with VMware, Xen Project, Micr osoft  Hyper-V and Oracle VirtualBox
virtual machine platforms.  It can also be deployed on IaaS, including AWS. It generally works well with
other virtualiz ation  platforms,  but Bravura Security primarily tests with these. Bravura Security officially
supports running Bravura Security Fabric  on these virtual servers and will make a best e ff ort  to support
customers who run on other hypervisors.
So long as the database server that hosts the Bravura Security Fabric  back-end has access to reasonably
fast I/O (e.g., NAS or similar) and so long as c onnectivity  between the Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation
sever and the database is fast and low latency (e.g., 1Gbps/1ms) there should is no adverse performance
impact when comparing Bravura Security Fabric  installed on hardware vs. Bravura Security Fabric
installed on a similarly-equipped virtual server.
The key point above is to ensure sufficien t  I/O capacity for the database (MSSQL). If the database server
is virtualized, using network attached  storage (NAS) is recommended, as virtualized I/O (files  such as
VMDK’s emulating  an HDD image) is often  sub s t antially  slower than physical I/O.Even where customers choose to deploy the main Bravura Security Fabric  servers on raw hardware,
virtual machines are an excellent platform  for proxy servers, test servers, development servers and
model PCs.
A related question  is often  “how large can the deployment get before we have to move from a VM to
hardware?” Unfortunately, there is no simple, universal answer:
1.Virtual servers vary in c apabilities  – they may have a 32-bit or a 64-bit CPU, may have 1, 2, 4 or 8 CPU 1.
cores allocated, may have diff er en t  amounts of memory and may link to diff er en t  types of storage
infrastructure.
2.The load created by the applic ation  also varies – is there complex business logic? Do users access the 2.
applic ation  at random times  or all at once? Are there just a few or thousands of in t egr ations?
This variability means that the safest bet is to use benchmark results, using a c on figur ation  as similar as
possible to the pr oduction  setup, to gauge the performance of Bravura Security Fabric on r epr esen t ativ e
physical and virtual servers.
As a general standard, the r atio  of vCPU to CPU (core) is 3:1. Therefore the actual vCPU performance will
be 33% of the actual CPU. If the Bravura Security Fabric  is deployed in a virtualized environment, and the
general r atio  on the hypervisor is 3:1, then a virtualized setup would require 6vCPU to match the minimal
2 CPU physical CPU requirement.
Domain requirements
While Bravura Security Fabric  servers are capable of oper ating  as domain members, we suggest you take
the following into c onsider ation:
▪Security / limited accessibility:▪
If the Bravura Security Fabric  server is part of the domain, then other adminis tr ativ e  users from the
domain (who may not be Bravura Security Fabric  administrators) can gain adminis tr ativ e  logon access
to the server and can then access (encrypted) cr edentials  for target systems other than the domain.
A policy of segr eg ation  of duties  suggests that it is preferable to eliminate the ability of administrators
of one system to access privileged accounts for another system and since Bravura Security Fabric
houses such cr edentials,  it makes sense to avoid domain membership.
▪Secure service account:▪
Bravura Security Fabric  requires a service account which Bravura Security Fabric  services will run as. It
is recommended to restrict the service account’s abilities  to in t er activ ely  log on to networks when a
domain account is used. This is a recognized industry bes t -pr actice  and it can be c on figur ed  by using
group policy.
See Cr eating  a secure service account  (on page 205) for more details.
▪Windows cr edential  c on flicts: ▪
To change/verify passwords on an Activ e  Directory domain, Bravura Security Fabric  uses ADSI, which
may connect a named pipe to a share on a domain controller, such as the NETLOGON share.
If an adminis tr ativ e  user logs in to the Bravura Security Fabric  server console and makes a similar
c onnection  but using his personal cr edentials  (not those encoded into Bravura Security Fabric ), then
the Windows network provider may produce a cr edential  c on flict  error. This can interrupt BravuraSecurity Fabric ’s ability to manage user objects on the domain, for the dur ation  of the in t er activ e  login
session.
If Bravura Security Fabric  is not a domain member, then the set of administrators who are able to
inadvertently cause this error c ondition  is signific an tly  reduced and so Bravura Security Fabric
oper ation  is more reliable (less prone to human-induced errors).
▪Password r andomiz ation: ▪
Cr edential  problems can also occur if the Bravura Privilege  server is also a Domain Controller, and
Bravura Privilege  is used to manage the administrator account used to target the system. When the
administrator account has its password randomized, the target system administrator cr edentials  may
not be updated.
Cr eating  a secure service account
The following steps for cr eating  a secure service account are demonstrated on Windows Server 2019:
1.Launch Activ e  Directory Users and Computers . 1.
2.Create an OU.2.
3.In the OU, create an account as the service account and add it to the Administrators group. When you 3.
run the installer, the default account name is psadmin .
4.Give the new account the "Logon as a service" right under Local Security Policy  settings. 4.
5.Add a security group.5.
6.Add the service account as a member of the security group.6.
7.Launch Group Policy Management Console (GPMC) . 7.
8.Create a new group policy.8.
9.Right click on the group policy, then click on Edit... to launch Group Policy Management Editor , 9.
c on figur e  the group policy with following settings:
▪Navigate to Computer Con figur ation  > Policies > Windows Settings  > Security Settings  > Local ▪
Policies > User Rights Assignments
▪Select Deny log on locally and enter the security group created previously. ▪
▪Select Deny log on through remote desktop services and enter the security group created ▪
previously.
▪Exit from Group Policy Management Editor . ▪
10. Back to Group Policy Management Console (GPMC) , click the Scope tab to ensure the GPO is set to 10.
authentic a t ed  users.
11. Link the GPO to any OUs containing machines which you want to stop the service account from being 11.
able to log on to in t er activ ely ,  or the domain level for all machines.
12. If you have more than one domain, you can put groups from the trusted domain in the GPO. However, 12.
you might want to make a GPO like this on both sides (in case of two-way trusts).
13. Reboot or run command gpupdate.exe /force  on the machines to apply the GPO. 13.
14. Test to ensure the service account is not allowed to log on the machines where the GPO is applied. 14.Database server
Bravura Security Fabric  requires Micr osoft  SQL Server 2019  (recommended), Micr osoft  SQL Server 2017 ,
Micr osoft  SQL Server 2016 SP2 , or Micr osoft  SQL Server 2014 SP3 , typically with one database instance per
applic ation  server. In most environments, the Micr osoft  SQL Server softw ar e  is installed on the same
hardware or VM as the Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e,  on each Bravura Security Fabric  server node.
This reduces hardware cost, eliminates network latency and reduces the security surface of the
combined solution.
Be sure to install the following services and tools that come with SQL Server:
▪Database Engine Services▪
▪Client Tools Connectivity ▪
▪Management Tools - Basic▪
▪Management Tools - Complete▪
Database I/O performance on a virtualized file system (e.g., VMDK or equivalent) is slow. If the database
server softw ar e  runs on a VM, please use a fast, nearby NAS or SAN to store the actual data files.
Bravura Security Fabric  can leverage an e xisting  database server cluster, but Bravura Security  recommends
a dedicated database server instance, preferably one per Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation  server,
installed on the same OS image as the core applic ation.
1.The data managed by Bravura Security Fabric  is extremely sensitiv e,  so it is desirable to minimize the 1.
number of DBAs who can access it, despite use of encr yption.
2.SQL Server has limited features to isolate workloads between database instances on the same server.2.
This means that a burst of activity  from Bravura Security Fabric  (as happens during auto-discovery)
would cause slow responses in other applic ations.  Conversely, other applic ations  experiencing high DB
load would slow down Bravura Security Fabric .
3.Bravura Security Fabric  already includes r eal-time,  fault-tolerant, WAN-friendly, encrypted database 3.
r eplic ation  between applic ation  nodes, each with its own back-end database. Use of an expensive DB
server cluster is neither required nor bene ficial.
4.Deploying the database to localhost has performance advantages (minimal packet latency from the4.
applic ation  to its storage).
5.Allowing Bravura Security Fabric  administrators full control over the database simplifies  performance 5.
and related diagnostics  and tr oubleshooting ,  especially when we consider that database
administrators in most or g aniz ations  are few in number and very busy.
6. Eliminating  reliance on shared database infrastructure also eliminates the need to coordinate events 6.
such as database version upgrades, which involve reboots. Some Bravura Security  customers who
leverage a shared database infrastructure have experienced applic ation  disruption  due to
unscheduled and un-communicated database outages and restarts.
See Installing Database and Database Client Softw ar e  (on page 172) for details.Replicated server requirements
Requirements for replicated servers are the same as for a primary server  (on page 197). Bravura Security
strongly recommends that you install at least three replicated Bravura Security Fabric  servers for fault
tolerance and back up. Con figur ation  of replicated servers is detailed in the R eplic ation  and Recovery
Guide .
All replicated servers must be created with the same instance name. It is recommended that all
replicated servers be created with the same Bravura Security Fabric  license, and use the same type of
Connector Pack . All server clocks must be synchronized.
Proxy servers
In some cases, the c onnection  to a target system may be slow, insecure or blocked. This may be because
the c onnection  spans multiple  data centers or uses an insecure network protocol.
To address such c onnectivity  problems, Bravura Security Fabric  includes a connector proxy server. When
a proxy server is deployed, the main Bravura Security Fabric  server ceases to make direct c onnections  to
some target systems and instead forwards all c ommunic ation  to those systems through one or more
connector proxies, which are co-located with the target systems in question.
Communic ation  from the main Bravura Security Fabric  server to the connector proxy is encrypted and
works well even when there is low bandwidth or high packet latency. It uses a single, arbitrarily-
numbered TCP port number. Connections  are established from the main Bravura Security Fabric
applic ation  server to the proxy server. A single TCP port supports an arbitrarily large number of target
systems at the connector proxy’s loc ation.
It is simple for fir e w all  administrators to open a single TCP port per proxy server. Since c onnections  are
e fficien t  and encrypted, there are usually no objections  to doing so.
Communic ation  between the proxy server and target systems c ontinues  to use whatever protocol each
system supports nativ ely .  This c ommunic ation  is c on fined  to a physically secure data center with a high-
bandwidth, low-latency local network.
See Managing Proxy Servers  (on page 260) for more in f ormation.
Cryptographic certific a t es
Bravura Security  strongly  recommends that users access Bravura Security Fabric  using SSL (HTTPS). To do
this:
1.Assign a fix ed  IP address to each Bravura Security Fabric  server. 1.
2.Assign a single DNS host name to all Bravura Security Fabric  servers. 2.
3.Install the web server (IIS).3.
4.Create a certific a t e  signing request (CSR) file. 4.
5.Submit the CSR file to a certific a t e  authority such as Verisign. 5.
6.Receive and install a signed certific a t e. 6.The SSL/TLS, is all c on figur ed  and managed by IIS. For detailed in f ormation  for using IIS, consult
Micr osoft's  documen t ation.
Once you have c on figur ed  IIS the following settings  should be updated so that the product communicates
via the new, http s  url.
1.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w . 1.
2.Update BASE IDSYNCH URL  with the FQDN of the instance server; for example, https:// 2.
idm1.bravura1.corp.
3.Click Update . 3.
4.Update the various end points to the HTTPS URL that you may have previous c on figur ed;  for example, 4.
if you are using the API SOAP service, edit the idapisoap  services endpoints. See API SOAP Service
(idapisoap)
The API SOAP Service ( idapisoap ) provides access to the Bravura Security Fabric  API Service
(idapi ) with the WWS web service API. It is installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric
server during setup.
Some or g aniz ations  use the SOAP API to build their own customized front-end to Bravura Security
Fabric .
Refer to the Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf ) for detailed reference in f ormation.
The API SOAP Service ( idapisoap ) requires:
▪Windows Server 2012, or▪
Windows Server 2012 R2
▪ Micr osoft  .NET Framework 4.5+ ▪
The API SOAP Service is dependent on the API Service ( idapi ). The PSLang API, IIS.NET API, and
WWS API call into this service.
Configur ation
The service is aut omatic ally  installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric  server during setup.
You can modify the following parameters related to the API SOAP Service on the Service in f ormation
page:
idapisoap service options
Option Description
Endpoints for the IDAPI SOAP nativ e
serviceThe URL that the API SOAP Service will listen in on.
An optional  port can be appended to the host and
preceded by a colon. Multiple  endpoints can be
de fined  in a comma separated list. To secure the
endpoint, c on figur e  it to listen on http s.Option Description
Use system setting: Will be set to the following:
http://<IP>/default/idapi,http://
localhost/default/idapi, http://
<IP-fqdn>/default/idapi
The "server" URL fragment must be the IP , hostname or FQDN (fully qualified  domain name) of the
server. If the c onnection  is secured with TLS (http s  protocol), only an FQDN listed in the TLS server
c ertific at e  used on the IIS server will allow a secure remote c onnection.
Command-line options  for idapisoap are listed below:
idapisoap service command-line options
Argument Description
-h Displays usage in f ormation.
-v Displays version number only.
-binding <binding> Specify the binding type:
– basicHttpBinding
– w sHttpBinding  (default)
-endpoint <endpoint> The endpoint that this SOAP service listens on
-mextype <mextype> The metadata exchange method:
– None
– Me xHttpGe t
– Mex (only for w sHttpbinding)
– HttpGe t  (default). The default is suited for most applic ations.
-c on fig Displays service c on figur ation  in f ormation.
-server Run the service in server mode.
-start Starts the service.
-stop Stops the server/service
To c on figur e  wsbinding and mex, set the service like this:
idapisoap -binding 1 -mextype 2
where the API service class can be generated from <endpoint>; for example, http://<IP  or fqdn>/hiim/
idapi.
To c on figur e  httpbinding  and HttpGe t,  set the service like this:
idapisoap -binding 0 -mextype 4
where the API service class can be generated from the WSDL <endpoint>/wsdl; for example,
http://<IP  or fqdn>/hiim/idapi/wsdlChanging the SOAP c onnection  type by using the "binding" and "mextype" arguments is only required
if the remote SOAP tooling used requires it. Do not change the default c onnection  type if t esting  the
c ollection  of the WSDL using a browser, otherwise you will receive a generic server error (HTTP 500)
instead of the WSDL.
.
Browser support
The following browsers are supported:
▪Edge Chromium.▪
▪Google Chrome.▪
▪Mozilla Firefox.▪
Font downloads must be enabled in the browser to allow Bravura Security Fabric  to use Font Awesome.
Some plugins require that you c on figur e  Activ eX  security.
HTTPS settings
As of version 12.1.1 Bravura Security Fabric  adds the ”Strict-Transport-Security” header to IIS for all
resources. What this means is that if you have c on figur ed  your site to use SSL and if you have accessed
your site using HTTPS protocol, the browser will cache that the site supports HTTPS and prevents the
browser from using HTTP . This keeps your site secure but occasionally in t esting  there will be a need to
downgrade the browser security to allow accessing your site via HTTP . In order to do this you must clear
the HSTS settings  in the browsers.
These links show how to clear the HSTS settings  in the browsers:
▪ http s://w w w . thessls t or e.c om/blog / clear -hs ts-settings-chr ome- fir e f o x/▪
▪ http s://tinsle yne t.c o.uk/2017/hs ts/▪
Using setup to install Bravura Security Fabric
You can use setup , located at the root of the dis tribution  folder, to install one or more Bravura Security
Fabric  instances. For example, you can have Bravura Security Fabric  instances r epr esenting  target systems
and users in diff er en t  geographical regions, or have separate instances with diff er en t  password rules for
diff er en t  sets of users or clients.
The setup program requires Windows Installer version 3.0.1 or later. This program should be run by a
member of the Windows Administrators group.
Before you begin, ensure that the server that will host Bravura Security Fabric meets the minimum system
requirements and that all required software  is installed. See Server requirements  (on page 196) for
details.
Ensure that your back-end database and dedicated user are set up according to Installing database and
Database Client Softw ar e  (on page 172).