adm_set -user superuser -pass greatone -type A -
name "IDM administrator"
2.To grant the Manage reports adminis tr ativ e  privilege to an e xisting  user, type: 2.
adm_set -user SmithBob -acl runreport
3.To create a console-only user that can access the API Service (idapi), type:3.
adm_set -user APIUser1 -pass 5*Epxag1 -acl apicaller -
ipmask 10.0.26.5/32
4.To unlock the default superuser after  too many failed login attemp ts,  type: 4.
adm_set -user superuser -unlock
.
See also: 
▪Expiring product administrators’ passwords  (on page 837) to learn how to set the password expiry ▪
interval for product administrator s whose password is stored in Bravura Security Fabric .
▪Product administrators  (on page 672) to learn how to set up product administrator s, including password ▪
options.
▪Password Policy  (on page 999) to learn how to c on figur e  general password policy. ▪
Manage components
The Manage components  menu enables you to install and manage components which provide extra
functionality  to Bravura Security Fabric .
The Manage Components  link is only visible to superuser-type product administrators  (on page 672) .
See:
For in f ormation  about installing and managing components, see Components  (on page 312).6 Bravura Security Fabric features
This chapter provides an overview of Bravura Security Fabric  product features and licensing, and a quick
guide to common implemen t ation  tasks.
Overview
The Bravura Security Fabric  is an integrated solution  for identity  and access management (IAM). It
streamlines and secures the management of identities,  security entitlemen ts  and cr edentials  across
systems and applic ations,  on-premises and in the cloud. Or g aniz ations  deploy the Bravura Security Fabric
to strengthen controls, meet regulatory and audit requirements, improve IT service and reduce IT
oper ating  cost.
The Bravura Security Fabric  is designed as IAM middleware, in the sense that it presents a uniform user
interface and a consolidated set of business processes to manage user objects, identity  attribut es,
security rights and cr edentials  across multiple  systems and platforms.
This is illustrated below:
Bravura Security Fabric  Overview: Identity  Middleware
The Bravura Security Fabric  includes several functional  identity  management and access governance
modules:
▪Bravura Identity  – Manage identities,  accounts, groups and roles: aut omation,  requests, approvals, ▪
reviews, SoD and RBAC .
▪Monitoring systems of record to update user pr ofiles  and aut omatic ally  r equesting  matching ▪
changes to identities  and access rights.
▪A portal where users may requests changes to identities  and access rights, with advanced search ▪
and access controls.
▪ W orkflo w  to route change requests to authorizers and implementers. ▪
▪ Analytics,  including risk scores and SoD. ▪
Bravura Identity  includes the following additional  features, at no extra charge:
▪Access certific ation  – Periodic review and cleanup of security entitlemen ts . ▪▪ Deleg ating  review of access rights, policy c on figur ation  and identity  attribut es  to business stake- ▪
holders.
▪Engagement with managers, resource owners and policy owners.▪
▪Bravura Group– Full lifecycle management of groups and memberships . ▪
▪Self-service and delegated requests for access to resources and the groups that have rights to▪
them.
▪Bravura Group is also available as a stand-alone product, as well as a component of Bravura ▪
Identity .
▪OrgChart management – Delegated c ons truction  and maintenance of OrgChart data. ▪
▪ Deleg ating  the c ons truction  and maintenance of manager/subordinate r elationship s  to ▪
managers.
▪Read/write in t egr ation  with directories and HR systems. ▪
▪Bravura Pass  – Integrated cr edential  management: Passwords, security questions,  certific a t es,  tokens, ▪
smart cards and biometrics .
▪Password s ynchr oniz ation,  via browser or by in t er cepting  nativ e  password changes. ▪
▪Self-service and assisted reset of passwords and PINs.▪
▪Self-service unlock of encrypted drives, where users may have f or g otten  a pre-boot password. ▪
▪Access from anywhere - browser, smart phone app, voice phone call, PC login screen, pre-boot▪
password prompt, on-premises or off -sit e.
▪Two factor authentic ation  for all users, using either e xisting  cr edentials  (RSA, etc.) or by introducing ▪
new mechanisms, such as browser fing erprinting ,  sending a PIN to the user’s phone or an included
smart phone app.
▪Federated access via a Security Assertions  Markup Language (SAML) identity  provider (IdP) to ▪
c ompatible  applic ations.
▪A personal vault, where users can securely store and retrieve unmanaged cr edentials. ▪
▪Managed enrollment of security questions,  mobile phone numbers, etc. ▪
Bravura Pass  includes the following additional  features, at no extra charge:
▪Phone Password Manager  – Telephone self service for passwords and tokens . ▪
▪Turn-key telephony-enabled password and PIN reset, including for RSA SecurID tokens.▪
▪Self-service unlock for f or g otten  pre-boot drive encr yption  passwords. ▪
▪ Authentic ation  with either numeric security questions  or voice print biometrics. ▪
▪Support for multiple  spoken languages. ▪
▪Bravura Privilege  – Securing access to administrator, embedded and service accounts . ▪
▪ Aut omatic ally  discover and classify systems, accounts, groups and services to manage. ▪
▪Periodically randomize and vault passwords to privileged accounts.▪
▪ Authentic a t e,  authorize and log user access to privileged accounts and groups, including built-in ▪
2FA for all users.
▪Provide account access to resources through regulated disclosure methods.▪
▪Orchestrate changes to service account and embedded account passwords.▪▪Discover, analyze and modify SSH trust r elationship s. ▪
▪Risk scores and analytics,  at request time  and after  the fact. ▪
▪Record sessions (video, keylog, etc.) with search and playback.▪
▪Bravura Group  is available both as a stand-alone product and as a component of Bravura Identity . ▪
The r elationship s  between the Bravura Security Fabric  components is illustrated below:
Components of the Bravura Security FabricLimited features
Privileged access 
All Bravura Security Fabric  component products aut omatic ally  include a limited license for Bravura
Privilege . A limited license includes:
▪The ability to manage target administrator cr edentials ▪
▪Frequent password r andomiz ation  eliminating  s t atic,  shared passwords and controls former IT s t a ff ▪
knowledge of passwords
▪The ability to run scripts on managed systems▪
▪Access controls to limit who can see passwords▪
▪The ability to create vault-only managed systems▪
▪The ability to create vault-only managed system policies▪
▪Logging and r eporting  of access disclosure facilitates to audit compliance and for faster ▪
tr oubleshooting
▪ Encr yption,  which secures passwords in storage and transit so that physical compromise will not ▪
expose passwords
▪ R eplic ation,  which ensures passwords are stored on multiple  servers in diff er en t  sites so that ▪
password access and security survives server failures or site disasters
A full Bravura Privilege  license provides additional  features such as:
▪The ability to manage access on many systems that may not be permanently connected to the domain▪
(laptops, w ork s t ations,  etc)
▪The ability to manage any user, not just target administrators▪
▪Session recording capability▪
▪Approvals process▪
▪The ability to run commands on multiple  systems ▪
▪Temporary group membership▪
▪A large variety of access disclosure plugins to utiliz e ▪
▪The ability to create push and pull managed system policies▪
Encr yption  methods
All c ommunic ation  between users and each Bravura Security Fabric  server is over HTTPS. This means that
client devices make TLS-encrypted c onnections  to the Bravura Security Fabric  server and check that the
server’s certific a t e  matches its DNS name, before initiating  any meaningful c ommunic ation.
Bravura Security Fabric  in any of its license types (Pass, Identity ,  or Privilege), stores secret data in two
forms:
▪Hashes, for secrets the applic ation  does not have to use, only compare historically ▪
▪Symmetrically encrypted, for secrets the applic ation  has to use, including: ▪
▪To allow console users  (on page 672) or API aut omation  (on page 699) to login to the applic ation ▪
▪To allow connector pack agents' logons into target systems  (on page 517) and other in t egr ations ▪▪To disclose as privileged data with disclosure plugins or remote disclosure  (on page 1957) ▪
▪For SSH key authentic ation  infrastructure  (on page 1910) ▪
User passwords and password history are hashed using Salted SHA-512 passwords. The e x ception  are the
passwords of the product administrator  (on page 688) and API pr ofiles,  which are AES-encrypted.
Passwords used by Bravura Security Fabric  are encrypted in the Bravura Security Fabric  database using a
sit e-specific  encr yption  key. This key is stored on the Bravura Security Fabric  server, in the Windows
registry and is itself encrypted using an ob fusc ation  key embedded in the Bravura Security Fabric
softw ar e  (in accordance with best pr actices  prescribed by NIST SP 800-38F - http s:// csr c.nis t. g o v/
public ations/de t ail/ sp/800-38f/final ).
▪All encr yption  here is symmetric, using 256-bit AES. ▪
▪The same goes for w ork s t ation  keys and all other keys listed in the table below. ▪
Both the live data maintained by Bravura Security Fabric  and backups of its data set require pr ot ection
against would-be intruders. To provide this pr ot ection,  Bravura Security Fabric  must be c on figur ed  on a
hardened, locked-down server, in a physically secure site. Bravura Security  provides a server hardening
guide  (on page 302) for this purpose.
Communic ation  between applic ation  servers for data and file r eplic ation  with product proxies  (on page
260) and other add-ons such as password change interceptors  (on page 1651) is encrypted with a
proprietary AES protocol. That c on figur ation  is part of the product ins t allation  settings  (on page 210).
Later on, some of these keys can be managed using the resetkey  (on page 3577) tool.
The following table lists the various encr yption  methods employed throughout Bravura Security Fabric .
Bravura Security Fabric  key Data Algorithm Key
Communic ation  Key Shared with other Bravura Security Fabric  services on the
network and is used to neg otia t e  session keys when two
Bravura Security Fabric  remote services communicate
over the network.256-bit AES Random
Database Encr yption  Key The database encr yption  key is typically used for any data
at rest encr yption.  All sensitiv e  data in the Bravura
Security Fabric  database is encrypted using this key. It is
also used to encrypt sensitiv e  registry values. For
example, passwords used to log in to target systems and
answers to security questions.256-bit AES Random
Connector Encr yption  key Used to encrypt sensitiv e  data for c ommunic ation  with
the connectors; for example, Bravura Security Fabric  uses
the Connector encr yption  key to encrypt and decrypt
passwords and adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  used by
connectors and exit traps as well as all c ommunic ation
and oper ations  run by the connectors.256-bit AES RandomBravura Security Fabric  key Data Algorithm Key
IDMLib Encr yption  keyThe IDMLib encr yption  key is used to when performing
encr yption  or decr yption  of data from within a Python
base plugin. Typically this data is both encrypted and
decrypted by the plugin and is not used directly by the
core product suite.256-bit AES Random
W ork s t ation  Initial  Authentic ation  Key This key is used for the initial  authentic ation  of a new
w ork s t ation  to an instance server. The key is generated
during the instance install and must be the same for all
nodes in an instance. The purpose of this key is to protect
c ommunic ations  while the w ork s t ation  key is neg otia t ed
or r e-neg otia t ed.256-bit AES Random
W ork s t ation  Communic ation  Key This key is used for encr ypting  bi-dir ection
c ommunic ations  between w ork s t ation  add-ons and
instance servers. This key unique to a particular
w ork s t ation  and is neg otia t ed  when the w ork s t ation  add-
on fir s t registers itself with the instance. Periodically the
w ork s t ation  and instance will r e-neg otia t e  new keys and
expire old ones. If multiple  add-ons are installed on the
w ork s t ation,  each add-on will share the same
w ork s t ation  c ommunic ation  key.256-bit AES Random
Session Key This is the encr yption  key used to encrypt session data
that is passed between the CGIs and the web browser
clients.256-bit AES Random
M-Tech Key Hard-coded single s t atic  key that is the same for all
customers. This key is only used in a few places. For
example, license file encr yption.256-bit AES Random
Key Encr yption  Key A s t atic  key embedded in the Bravura Security binaries
that is used to protect and validate against key tampering
for all of the other encr yption  keys in the product. It is
possible to externalize this key to any supported
Hardware security module for some use cases.256-bit AES Random
 7 Initial  setup tasks
This section  describes common implemen t ation  tasks that are usually done during initial  setup:
1.Set up email notific ation 1.
Bravura Security Fabric activ ely  notifies  users about events that may require their attention;  this is
generally done through email. It is recommended that all users have email addresses c on figur ed.
Ensure that the email server and port are correctly c on figur ed  on the Manage the system > W orkflo w
> Email c on figur ation  page.
See Notific ation  > Email Notific ation  (on page 412) .
2.Add at least one target system as a source of pr ofile  IDs 2.
Add at least one target system that will be an authorit ativ e  list of users to be imported into Bravura
Security Fabric . If supported, ensure that all users have email addresses c on figur ed  on the target. At
least one target system should be able to verify passwords for users.
See Target Systems  (on page 480).
3.Import users3.
Run auto discovery to import a list of users, their accounts and other attribut es,  from one or more
target systems.
See   Users and Accounts  (on page 538).
4. Con figur e  authentic ation 4.
Ensure that the Authentic ation  priority list and Identific ation  priority list are c on figur ed  on the
Policies menu. This is required to allow users to access the main menu.
See Authentic ation  (on page 819) > Login and authentic ation  (on page 820).Part V BASE CONFIGURATION