Push Mode Privileged Access Management
Implement push mode privileged access management by using auto discovery  to find server or
w ork s t ation  objects on an Activ e  Directory domain. You can then manage these discovered objects using
import rules.
Alt ernativ ely ,  add managed system policies and managed systems manually. This is required for systems
that are not on an Activ e  Directory domain.
Push mode method 1: Aut omatic
1.Add the Activ e  Directory domain controller as a target system, c on figuring  it as a source of Bravura 1.
Security Fabric  Pr ofile  IDs and to discover computer objects.
See Target Systems  (on page 480) for details.
2. Con figur e  options  for managed system policies. 2.
See Managed system policies  (on page 1834) for details.
3.Import discovered objects as managed systems, either manually or by setting  up import rules. 3.
See Infrastructure Auto Discovery  (on page 2080) for details.
Push mode method 2: Manual
1. Con figur e  options  for managed system policies. 1.
2.Manually add target systems to Bravura Security Fabric , c on figuring  them to become push mode 2.
managed systems.
3.Assign the systems to particular  managed system policies. 3.
4. De fine  the accounts the managed system policy is going to manage on the system. 4.
Vault-only Privileged Access Management
Implement vault-only privileged access management by manually adding a vault-only managed system,
manually adding accounts to that system and then link the managed system to a vault-only managed
system policy .
1.Manually add a vault-only managed system to Bravura Security Fabric . 1.
2.Add managed accounts to the managed system.2.
3.Create a new vault-only managed system policy.3.
4.Assign the system to a particular  managed system policy. 4.
5. Con figur e  options  for the managed system policy. 5.
Local Service Mode Privileged Access Management
Implementing  local service mode requires softw ar e  to be installed on managed systems. The installed
Local W ork s t ation  Service contacts the Bravura Security Fabric  server and registers the system as a
discovered object. You can then add these discovered objects as managed systems manually or using
import rules. To c on figur e  privileged access management using a Local W ork s t ation  Service:1.Download the MSI ins t allation  package and the .inf file. 1.
2.Deploy the Local W ork s t ation  Service softw ar e  on all systems that you want to manage. 2.
3.Allow all systems to contact the Bravura Security Fabric server and register themselves as discovered 3.
systems.
4. Con figur e  options  for managed system policies. 4.
5.Import discovered objects as managed systems.5.
See Managed systems  (on page 1815) for more in f ormation.
Use cases and examples
Manually manage accounts on a vault-only system
This section  demonstrates how to manually manage administrator cr edentials  stored in a vault-only
managed system:
1.Create a new vault-only managed system policy . 1.
a.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies . a.
b.Click Add new … b.
c.Enter the following:c.
ID Vault-MSP
Description MSP for vault-only managed systems
Mode Vault-only
Managed by Select the Privileged Access Manager Service in the Managed by list. This is the
service that will manage systems in this policy.
Authentic ation  type Password
Enforce password policy leave deselected
d.Click Add. d.
2. De fine  the Access disclosure plugins. 2.
a.Click the Access disclosure plugins tab. a.
b.Click Select … b.
c.Select the Copy and Display plugins and click Select . c.d.Select Access current password for both the copy and display plugins. d.
e.Select Access old passwords for the display plugin. e.
f.Click Update . f.
3. Con figur e  Access control. 3.
a.Click the Access control tab. a.
b.Select the following for IT_SEC_USERS.b.
▪View pr operties  for this policy ▪
▪Modify pr operties  for this policy ▪
▪Pre-approved check-out of managed accounts▪
▪Randomize/override password of managed accounts▪
These settings  are part of the privileges required to check out the managed accounts and to
override the passwords.
a.Click Update . a.
4.Provide the IT_SEC_USERS group the Create managed systems adminis tr ativ e  privilege. This privilege 4.
is required to override passwords.
a.Click Manage the system  > Security > Access to product features  > Administrator groups . a.
b.Click Add new... b.
c.Enter the following:c.
ID IT-SECURITY
Description IT Security Group
Allowed privileges Create managed systems
d.Click Add. d.
e.Click the Membership criteria tab. e.
f.Click Select … f.
g.Select the _IT_SECURITY_ user class.g.
Members of the _IT_SECURITY_ user class are also linked to the IT_SEC_USERS group and can now
override passwords in addition  to checking out accounts.
h.Click Select . h.
5.Create a vault-only managed system.5.
a.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed systems . a.
b.Click Add new… b.
c.Enter the following:c.
ID Router-ADM
Description Router used by the admin teamHelp URL http://in tr ane t/r out erin f o.h tml
d.Click Add. d.
6.Click the Policies tab. 6.
7.Click Select … 7.
8.Select the VAULT-MSP managed system policy . 8.
9.Click Select . 9.
10. Click the Managed accounts tab. 10.
11. Click Add new… at the bottom  of the page. 11.
12. Type the ID of the account in the Account field. 12.
13. Type a password in the Password and Con firm  password fields. 13.
14. Click Add. 14.Managed systems
Bravura Privilege  manages local adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  and groups for w ork s t ations  and servers. In
the context of Bravura Privilege , these systems are referred to as managed systems .
This chapter demonstrates how to:
▪Adding push mode managed systems  (on page 1815) ▪
▪Adding local service mode managed systems  (on page 1816) ▪
▪Adding vault-only managed systems  (on page 1825) ▪
▪Viewing and modifying managed system in f ormation  (on page 1826) ▪
▪ Deleting  a managed system  (on page 1829) ▪
Product administrators require appropriate privileges to access the privileged access areas of the Manage
the system  (PSA) module; refer to User types and access rules  (on page 671) and ensure that all product
administrator  access rights are correctly c on figur ed.
Before adding managed system s, ensure that you have restricted prior adminis trative  access to accounts. 
(on page 481)
See also: 
▪Managed system policies de fine  which accounts are managed, security settings  and c on figur ation ▪
options  for member managed systems.
See Managed system policies  (on page 1834) for details.
▪You can c on figur e  options,  including password change intervals, globally for Bravura Privilege . Policy- ▪
level settings  override global settings.
See Privileged access management options  (on page 1932) for details.
Adding push mode managed systems
In push mode , Bravura Privilege  performs remote password resets and other oper ations.  This is
controlled by the Privileged Access Manager Service that is installed aut omatic ally  on the Bravura
Privilege  server.
Add a push mode managed system by:
▪ Designating  a target system as a Bravura Privilege  managed system ▪
▪Managing discovered systems▪
Adding a target system as a managed system
You can make any target system a managed system by selecting  the Aut omatic ally  create a Privileged
Access Manager managed system setting  on the Target system in f ormation  page.
The system is added as a managed system during the next auto discovery . The Privileged Access Manager
Service uses parameters of the target system to determine which connector program to run and what
cr edentials  to use when it resets passwords for a managed system.Managing discovered systems as push mode managed systems
To manage systems on a domain:
1. Con figur e  an Activ e  Directory target system to list all w ork s t ations  or servers. 1.
On the Target system in f ormation  page, select the Discovery options  tab, then select the type of
systems you want to discover. Click Update  to save the changes.
2.Run auto discovery  by clicking Maintenance > Auto discovery . 2.
3.Manage the discovered systems manually, or aut omatic ally  by c on figuring  import rules. 3.
See:
▪Discovered Objects  (on page 2088) for more in f ormation  about managing discovered systems ▪
Adding local service mode managed systems
In local service mode , Bravura Privilege  performs local password resets and other oper ations  using
softw ar e,  the Local W ork s t ation  Service, that you install on the managed resource. The system is
aut omatic ally  registered the fir s t time  the Local W ork s t ation  Service communicates with the Bravura
Privilege  server. For more in f ormation  about how this mode works, see Local service mode  (on page
1806).
To add a local service mode managed system:
1.Download the MSI ins t allation  package and the ini file. 1.
See Downloading the ins t allation  package  (on page 1816) for details.
2.Install the Local W ork s t ation  Service on the system. 2.
See Installing local service mode softw ar e  on Windows systems  (on page 1817) for details.
3.Allow the system to contact the Bravura Privilege  to register itself as a discovered object. 3.
4.Manage the discovered system, either manually, or using import rules.4.
Downloading the ins t allation  package
To download the ins t allation  package, from the Bravura Security Fabric  main menu:
1.Click Manage the system > Privileged access > Local w ork s t ation  service ins t allation  package . 1.
2.Click Local w ork s t ation  service ins t allation  package . 2.
3.Click INF file download to download the idmsetup.inf file that contains the encrypted 3.
w ork s t ation  authentic ation  key and address of the Bravura Privilege  server.
4.Click on MSI download (32-bit) or MSI download (64-bit) , depending on the system type, to 4.
download the Local W ork s t ation  Service installer. The installers are called hipamlws-win-
x86.msi and hipamlws-win-x64.msi r espectiv ely .
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can retrieve the ins t allation  package from the addon idarchive directory.
You can now install the Local W ork s t ation  Service ins t allation  package.Installing local service mode softw ar e  on Windows systems
This section  shows you how to install the Local W ork s t ation  Service on a Windows server or w ork s t ation
by manually running the MSI installer that you downloaded in Downloading the ins t allation  package  (on
page 1816).
Listing  of accounts and groups are disabled for Local W ork s t ation  Service installed on domain controllers.
Do not install Local W ork s t ation  Service on Bravura Privilege servers, or any server or work s t ation  which
is discoverable through psupdate and can be managed as a push system.
You can also install the softw ar e  aut omatic ally .  For example; use a softw ar e  package dis tribution  product
like Micr osoft’ s  System Center Con figur ation  Manager and use the command line options  or using group
policy.
See Add-on ins t allation  command-line options  (on page 245) for more in f ormation  on the command line
options.
If you use work s t ation  images you can install Local W ork s t ation  Service as described below. Disable the
service by default and c onfigure  to Aut omatic  after  the image is placed on the work s t ation  if you want to
use the Local W ork s t ation  Service.
You can use a plugin to digitally sign files if required. See Digitally signing files (on page 1047) for details.
To install the Local W ork s t ation  Service manually:
1.Copy the MSI and INF files that you downloaded earlier to a temporary loc ation  on the new server or 1.
w ork s t ation.
2.Launch the MSI.2.
A welcome screen appears.
3.Click Next . 3.
4.Read and accept the license agreement.4.
Click Next .
5.Choose Typical setup type. 5.
Clicking Custom allows you to change the install loc ation  hipamlws directory. This is not
recommended.
6.Enter the w ork s t ation  authentic ation  encr yption  key. 6.
This is the authentic ation  key that was entered when Bravura Privilege  was originally installed. This
should already be pr e- filled  if you downloaded the idmsetup.inf file.
Click Next .
7.Set the following parameters:7.
▪Bravura Privilege  server The address and the virtual path of the Bravura Privilege CGI. This should ▪
already be pr e- filled  if you downloaded the idmsetup.inf file. The format should be:  
https://<server>/<instance>/cgi/pamlws.exe  
Change server to the Bravura Privilege  server address and instance  to the instance name or
virtual directory name if required.▪Web proxy If the Local W ork s t ation  Service must contact the Bravura Privilege  server through a ▪
proxy, type the proxy server address and port number in the format: <address> :<port> .
▪Validate server certific a t e  Enable this checkbox if the web server on your Bravura Privilege  server ▪
is running HTTPS. This is strongly recommended in a pr oduction  ins t allation  to avoid in f ormation
being sent over the network unencrypted.
▪ Initial  poll delay (seconds) Specify the time  used to determine how long to wait before doing the ▪
initial  poll to the Bravura Privilege  server.
The actual wait time  will be ±10% of the specified  time,  randomly determined in order to prevent a
large number of systems c on t acting  the Bravura Security Fabric  server at the same time.
Click Advanced to set some extra options:
▪Disable service after  ins t allation  Check this box to disable the Local W ork s t ation  Service after ▪
ins t allation.  You may want to disable it, for example, when building a system image for
w ork s t ations  with this service pre-installed.
▪By default this option  is not checked. ▪
▪Defer initial  service startup until  next system restart Check this box if you want to postpone ▪
running the Local W ork s t ation  Service until  the system has been restarted. This requires that
Disable service after  ins t allation  to be deselected.
▪Re-register this w ork s t ation  Enable this option  if you are reinstalling the Local W ork s t ation  Service ▪
on a system that has previously had the Local W ork s t ation  Service installed on it. When enabled,
this option  checks if the managed system ID already exists on the Bravura Privilege  server. If it
exists, then the managed system uses that ID as its own.
Click Next .
The installer displays the Select customized attribut e  file page.
8.If required, enter the path of a Custom attribut e  file (on page 1821). 8.
Click Next .
The installer displays the Con firm  Ins t allation  page.
9.Click Install to start the ins t allation. 9.
The installer begins copying files to your computer. The Ins t allation  Complete  page appears after  the
Bravura Privilege  features have been successfully installed.
10. Click Finish to exit. 10.
The Local W ork s t ation  Service can now contact the Bravura Privilege  server to register the host system as
a discovered object. Once the service has contacted the server, it sends its system data and registers itself
as a discovered system. The default interval for this initial  r egis tr ation  is 300 seconds. After  r egis tr ation,
the service periodically polls the Bravura Security Fabric  to determine whether any jobs, such as
password change or attribut e  listing ,  are required on the host system. Depending on the task that has
been assigned, the service will contact the server at diff er en t  intervals. If no tasks are assigned, the
service will wait the poll time,  as de fined  by the RES POLL INTERVAL, until  it rechecks the server for tasks.
If the Local W ork s t ation  Service is unable to contact the Bravura Privilege  server using the proxy server, it
will attemp t  to poll again without c onnecting  to the proxy server.In local service mode, a service running locally on the managed system, connects via TLS-encrypted
c ommunic ation  over a single outgoing port, the one port made available by the IIS web server into the
Bravura Privilege  nodes, by default, that port is 443. Please ensure, through either fir e w all,  switch,
proxies, tunneling or other networking c on figur ation,  that the w ork s t ations  on which the Local
W ork s t ation  Service is installed can connect to the Bravura Privilege  server IIS.
You can capture log data on local service mode managed systems using the logutil
Requirements
You must run the logutil  command as an administrator with sufficien t  privileges.
Usage
logutil.e x e  [options]  -instance <instance> | -cleanup [-instance <instance> ]
Argument Description
-bufmax <count> Maximum number of buff er s.  The default value is the
Windows Events MinimumBuff er s  + 20.
-bufmin <count> Minimum number of buff er s.  The default value is the
number of CPUs + 2.
-bufsize <size> Size of the session buff er s  in multiples  of 4 kb. The
default is 64 kb.
-instance <instance> Instance to watch events for. For Bravura Privilege local
service mode instances, the value is "Privileged Access
Manager Client".
-cleanup Terminate any logging sessions which are not connected
to any activ e  client. If the instance name is specified,  only
the logging session for this particular  instance is cleaned
up.
-level <level> Debug level 1-5. Default is 5.
-list List all enabled Event Tracing for Windows sessions.
-logfile  <filename> File to write events to. You must specify an absolute path.
-makekey Generate an instance name and its log GUID in the
registry.
Note:  This option  needs to be run once only.
-maxdelay <maxdelay> The maximum seconds to allow the sorting  buff er  to keep
items before flushing  out into the log file. The default
value is 300.
-maxsorted <count> The maximum number of events that can be sorted in
memory. The default value is 100,000.
-outdbg Write events with an output debug string.
When logutil  runs, a new registry entry is created to record the session. The entry is stored under:
HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\<instance>\LogSessionThe name of the entry is the instance name. When you press [enter]  to stop a session, the key will be
gone with the session; however, if you kill the session by typing [Ctrl] +[C], the registry entry will remain.
Use the -cleanup option  to remove remaining registry entries.
Note that various tools also have hardcoded instance names:
▪browser-extension-win: "Browser Extension" ▪
▪ fir e f o x -br o w ser -e xt ension:  "Firefox Browser Extension" ▪
▪hidshext: "Shell Extension" ▪
▪hipamlws-win: "Hipamlws" ▪
▪hippm-sm: "Session Monitor" ▪
▪intcpt: "Password Filter" ▪
▪ ntfclien t:  "Notific ation  Client" ▪
▪ ppm-activ e-c on tr ols:  "PPM Client Activ eX  Controls" ▪
▪pslocalr: "Local Reset Extension" ▪
▪psns: "Notes Extension" ▪
▪ sc ar d-activ e x -c on tr ols:  "SmartCard PIN Management Activ eX  Controls" ▪
▪ska/runurl: " Login Assistant" ▪
▪ pamutil : "pamutil" ▪
Examples
▪To start logging data for client softw ar e  with a debug level of 4, type: ▪
logutil.e x e  -makekey -instance Bravura_client -level 4 -logfile  c:\idarchive.log 
▪To start logging data on a local service mode managed system with a debug level of 4, to a log file ▪
named local_service.log, type:
logutil.e x e  -instance "hipamlws" -level 4 -logfile  local_service.log 
▪To start logging data on pamutil and runwithpass with a debug level of 4, to a log file named ▪
pamutil.log ,  type:
logutil.e x e  -instance "pamutil"  -level 4 -logfile  pamutil.log  
▪To start logging data on Activ eX  password disclosure plugins at level 4 to log file activ e x.log ,  type: ▪
logutil.e x e  -instance "PPM Client Activ eX  Controls" -level 4 -logfile  activ e x.log  
You must run logutil with the -makekey argument firs t for the instance "PPM Client ActiveX
Controls".
▪To start logging data for the default Login Manager instance with a debug level of 4, type:▪
logutil.e x e  -instance "Login Manager" -level 4 -logfile  c:\logfile.log  
program which is installed with the service.