Personal vaults passphrase policy
When enabled, the Personal vault app allows users to store account in f ormation  and passwords. This
in f ormation  is stored securely and can only be decrypted with the user’s passphrase.
The default personal vault passphrase policy is simple; it requires a phrase of at least eight characters.
Product administrators can modify the policy at Manage the system > Policies > Password policies  >
PERSONAL_VAULT . This policy can also be c on figur ed  so that having a passphrase is optional.  This is not
recommended as personal vault data (excluding passwords) will not be encrypted when there is no
passphrase for the personal vault.
This feature will be deprecated in a future release.
Cr eating  password policies
By default, Bravura Security Fabric  is c on figur ed  to support a single, global password policy, to ensure
that all new passwords are acceptable to every system. You can create additional  password policies to
apply to:
▪Target system groups▪
You may want to set up multiple  target system groups and password policies, for example, if subsets
of target systems have inc ompatible  password strength rules, or you want a user’s passwords to vary
on two or more target systems.
▪Users de fined  by user class ▪
You can use user classes to apply diff er en t  password policies for segments of the user population  on
the same target system group; for example to apply stricter rules to Activ e  Directory administrators
than to regular users on the same domain.
See Target system groups  (on page 562) for more in f ormation  about target system groups and user-class-
selected policies.
The case for alt ernativ e  password policies across systems
Bravura Security Fabric  allows you to create multiple  alt ernativ e  password policies that you can apply to
subsets of target systems, de fined  by a target system group.
For example, you may want to create multiple  policies for inc ompatible  systems. In some cases, it is
impossible to formulate a single, consistent password policy that works across two diff er en t  systems.
Typically this happens when one system requires strong security, and complex passwords, while another
system simply cannot support complex passwords.
Examples of weak systems include legacy applic ations  that use very short passwords or numeric PINs,
voice mail passwords, and so on.
Systems with a moderate password complexity capability typically include mainframes and DBMS servers.
Systems with a strong password complexity capability typically include Novell NetWare, Windows Activ e
Directory, LDAP directories, and modern implemen t ations  of Unix.Bravura Security recommends that all target systems belong to a single target group, and are subject to a
single password policy. Synchronizing passwords signific an tly  reduces help desk call volume. Even
passwords on systems notorious for "weak" passwords, such as mainframes, can be made strong with a
good c ombination  of password policy rules. Forcing users to change passwords often  also strengthens
security. Grouping target systems is usually only done for legacy applic ations  or to comply with internal
policy.
The case for alt ernativ e  password policies across user classes
In some cases, you may want to use diff er en t  password policies on the same target for diff er en t  users.
For example, adminis tr ativ e  users on an Activ e  Directory domain may have a stricter password policy
than regular users on the same domain. You can implement this by de fining  user class points and
password policy associations  in target system groups, in addition  to the default password policy for each
target system group. Bravura Security Fabric  uses these associations  to find which password policy should
be applied to a given user’s password changes.
Add a password policy
To add a password policy:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Password policies . 1.
2.Click Add new … . 2.
3.Type a unique password policy ID and a Description . 3.
4.Click Add. 4.
Edit password strength rules
You can edit the system password strength policy enforced by Bravura Security Fabric  to include or
exclude certain rules, and change values on some rules.
To edit a password strength policy enforced by Bravura Security Fabric :
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Password policies . 1.
or
Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies ..
2.Select the policy that you want to edit.2.
3.Click the Password policy tab. 3.
4.Select an appropriate status from the drop-down list next to each rule.4.
If applicable, type a value in the text field  next to each enabled rule.
Depending on the rule some status may not apply. The available status include:
▪Required The rule is enabled, and is strictly enforced. ▪
If a password supplied by a user does not satis f y  the rule, Bravura Security Fabric  rejects it.
▪Warning The rule is enabled, but is not enforced. ▪If a password supplied by a user does not satis f y  the rule, Bravura Security Fabric  warns that the
password is weak, but still accepts it.
The built-in random password generator only generates passwords that satis f y  the rule.
▪Disabled The rule is not applied to new passwords. ▪
▪Enabled The rule is applied to new passwords. ▪
This status is available where enforcement does not apply.
See Table Password strength rules  (on page 1003) below for de finitions  of the password strength
rules supplied with Bravura Security Fabric .
5.Select Hide description  if you want to hide the rule from users in the web interface. If their chosen 5.
password violates the rule, an error message detailing the rule will be displayed.
You can create a custom message  (on page 1022) to add to or replace the displayed rules.
6.Click Update . 6.
Password strength rules
Rule name Type Description
have at least N characters ReqThe smallest number of characters that a legal password
must have.
have at most N characters Req / WarnThe largest number of characters that a legal password
can have.
include both uppercase and
lowercase charactersReq / WarnEnable if passwords should have both uppercase and
lowercase characters.
have at least N lowercase
letter sReq / WarnThe smallest number of lowercase letter s  that a legal
password can contain.
have at most N lowercase
letter sReq / WarnThe largest number of lowercase letter s  that a legal
password can contain.
have at least N uppercase
letter sReq / WarnThe smallest number of uppercase letter s  that a legal
password can contain.
have at most N uppercase
letter sReq / WarnThe largest number of uppercase letter s  that a legal
password can contain.
have at least N special
characters (not letter s  or
digits)Req / WarnThe smallest number of non-alphanumeric characters that
a legal password must contain. Spaces are treated as non-
alphanumeric characters.
Have at most N special
characters (not letter s  or
digits)Req / WarnThe largest number of non-alphanumeric characters that a
legal password can contain. Spaces are treated as non-
alphanumeric characters.
have at least N special
characters (not letter s  or
digits) not at the beginning
and endReq / WarnSame as minimum non-alphanumeric characters, but not
c ounting  the fir s t or last character of the password. Spaces
are treated as non-alphanumeric characters.
have at least N letter s Req / WarnThe smallest number of letter s  that a password must
contain.Rule name Type Description
begin with a letter Req / WarnEnable to require all passwords to start with a letter .
Useful for c ompatibility  with some systems.
have at least N digits Req / WarnThe smallest number of digits that a legal password must
contain.
have at least N digits not at
the beginning and endReq / WarnSame as minimum digits, but not c ounting  the fir s t or last
character of the password.
have up to 8 characters, only
@,#,$ special characters
allowed (mainframe
c ompatible)Req / WarnIntended for mainframe c ompatibility  (can have up to 8
chars; alpha/num or @$#).
have password rules apply to
the fir s t N charactersDisabled /
EnabledThis forces the fir s t N characters of the password to
comply with the password rules, and only the fir s t N
characters are used to validate the password. The number
of characters must be set.
not be a dictionar y  word Req / WarnThe password, stripped of non-letter  characters, may not
match a word (c onsisting  of two or more letter s)  from the
dictionar y  (on page 1008). For example, the passwords
word123 and pa9sswor*d are not valid. The dictionar y
search is c ase-insensitiv e.
not be an exact dictionar y
word match (e.g. word)Req / WarnA password may not exactly match a dictionar y  word
c onsisting  of four or more letter s.  For example, the
passwords w1o2r3d or word123 are valid. The password
word is not valid. The dictionar y  search is c ase-insensitiv e.
not contain an exact
dictionar y  word match (e.g.
xyzword123)Req / WarnA password may not contain a dictionar y  word. For
example, the password xyzword123 is not valid. The
dictionar y  search is c ase-insensitiv e.
not contain a dictionar y  word
(e.g. xyzw1o2r3d)Req / WarnA password, stripped of non-letter  characters, may not
contain a dictionar y  word. For example, the password
xyzw1o2r3d is not valid. The dictionar y  search is c ase-
insensitiv e.
not be a dictionar y  word
rearranged (e.g. rdow123)Req / WarnA password, stripped of non-letter  characters, may not be
a dictionar y  word rearranged. For example, the password
w1o2r3d4xyz is valid. The password rdow123 is not valid.
not be the pr ofile  ID or name Req / WarnThe user’s pr ofile  ID or name may not be used as the new
password. This applies to both the full name and each
word in the name.
not be the pr ofile  ID or name
reversedReq / WarnSame as above but with the letter s  in the name reversed.
This applies to both the full name and each word in the
name.
not contain the pr ofile  ID or
nameReq / WarnThe user’s pr ofile  ID or name may not form part of the
new password. This applies to both the full name and each
word in the name.Rule name Type Description
not contain the pr ofile  ID or
name reversedReq / Warn Same as above but with the letter s  in the name reversed.
not be the pr ofile  ID or name
rearrangedReq / WarnSame as above but with the letter s  in the name
rearranged in any way. This applies to both the full name
and each word in the name.
not contain rearranged pr ofile
ID or nameReq / WarnThe password cannot contain the user’s pr ofile  ID or name
rearranged in any permut ation  and mixed with any
number of other characters, numbers, or special
characters. This is a more r es trictiv e  form than “Not a
rearranged user name?”. It applies to both the full name
and each word in the name. The length checked against
the full name and each word in the name is decided by the
MIN DICTWORD LENGTH  setting  in the Manage the
system > Policies > Options  menu. , and the punctuation
marks like ’.’ are also stripped For example, with user
name = Bob Jones, pr ofile  ID = JonesB the following
passwords will be rejected:
▪obbonjes 1 (with the space)▪
▪bsenoj2▪
▪obbonjes3▪
▪bbo sdfd4▪
▪sdf4 snoje▪
not begin with the fir s t N
characters of the pr ofile  ID or
nameReq / WarnThe new password may not contain the specified  number
of characters that begin the pr ofile  ID name.
require the password to be
approved by this pluginDisabled /
EnabledAn external program is called to verify that a password is
acceptable. Details in R e writing  target system oper ations
(on page 532).
generate random passwords
using this pluginDisabled /
EnabledSpecify a plugin to generate random passwords instead of
the built-in password generator. Used with Off er  the user
N random passwords .
warn if the password is not
approved by this pluginDisabled /
EnabledA warning will be generated if the password does not pass
the password policy of the specified  plugin.
have at most N pairs of
r epeating  charactersReq / WarnThe maximum number of pairs of the same character
appearing c onsecutiv ely  in new, legal password values.
NOTE:  The total possible pairs are counted in a sequence;
for example, annno includes two pairs of ’n’s (the fir s t two
and the last two), and annnno includes three pairs;
however Uuno contains zero pairs, since upper and lower
cases letter s  are treated as diff er en t.Rule name Type Description
be one of the N suggested
passwordsReq / WarnDisplay some randomly-selected passwords that the user
may choose as a new password value. If disabled, no
suggested passwords will be displayed. It is strongly
recommended that this rule is set to ’Warning’. This
should only be set to ’Required’ in cases where corporate
policy disallows non-computer-generated passwords.
WARNING!  Setting  this rule to ’Required’ is not
c ompatible  with transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
See Transparent s ynchr oniz ation  and generated passwords
(on page 1660) for details.
contain only characters
available on a standard
English (US) keyboardReq / WarnThe password is rejected or a warning is issued if the
password contains non-printable ascii characters. Non-
printable ascii characters can create problems with
character encoding tr anslation.  The Password policy rules
web form provides a link to a page that lists valid
characters.
not have N occurrences of the
same characterReq / WarnThe password is rejected or a warning is issued if it
contains any character occurring N times.  N must be
da t a filled.
not be an old password Req / WarnNew passwords may not be the same as old passwords for
the selected targets.Rule name Type Description
allow old passwords after  N
daysDisabled /
EnabledChange the history rule, so that new passwords can be the
same as old ones (in the history file),  if they are over N
days old. Ensure that this value is greater than the value of
password must be changed every N days, if set. See
Pr e v enting  users from re-using old passwords  (on page
1010) for more in f ormation.
password must be changed
every N daysDisabled /
EnabledPrompt the user to change passwords every N days.
Ensure this value is less than the value for allow old
passwords after  N days , if set.
not be one of last N
passwordsReq / WarnNew passwords may not be the same as one of the last N
passwords.
be diff er en t  by at least N
characters from the previous
passwordReq / WarnThe password is rejected or a warning is issued if the
password does not contain N characters that do not
already exist in the previous password.Rule name Type Description
not have been changed by
you in the last N hoursReq / WarnThe password is rejected or a warning is issued if the
password was changed in the last N hours.
current password may be
reused for password resets for
N days after  its fir s t useDisabled /
EnabledAllow password reuse within limited days when used in
c onjunction  with not be an old password .
Prevent users from using specific  words in a password
There are a few built-in password policy rules which are designed to prevent using specific  words in
passwords:
▪The pr ofile  ID or names of the user ▪
▪Selected words listed in a "dictionar y" ▪
About the dictionar y
Bravura Security Fabric  uses a fla t file, words.dat  to determine if new passwords fail dictionar y -based
password policy rules. This file is located in the dictionar y  directory on the primary applic ation  server. You
can customize this file to suit your needs. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can also create a new dictionar y  file called
custom.dat  located in the dictionar y  directory. If this file presents, Bravura Security Fabric  will use this
file, instead of words.dat , as dictionar y .  The main advantage of using custom.dat  file is that this file
will be retained after  upgrade while a customized words.dat  will be replaced by the default file.
The encoding of words.dat  text file must be UTF-8
Limit ations  of using the dictionar y
The dictionar y  file is designed to contain a r elativ ely  small list of banned words (like the company name,
or some swear words).
It is not designed to prevent users from choosing passwords that:▪Were found in breaches; for that purpose, use the haveibeenpwned  component  (on page 1009) or ▪
check against Azure's compromised passwords API  (on page 1014)
▪Are known to be found at the top of hackers' list-based heuristics ▪
There are some limits to keep in mind when populating  words.dat :
▪There is a low-character-per-line limit, the product does not take into c onsider ation  dictionar y  words ▪
of three letter s  or less.
▪There is no fix ed  upper (max) limit to the number of words in the file (other than available RAM and ▪
CPUs for the services using the password policy), but there is a "soft"  limit: around 50 to 100 MB.
When the file is large, the pages which render password policies will become slow because the pages
have to choose and verify (by default) 10 random passwords.
▪The impact to the rendering speed of those pages can be mitig a t ed  by reducing the number of ▪
passwords to provide as examples, but the best solution  to this limit ation  is to use the
haveibeenpwned component  (on page 1009) or Azure plugin  (on page 1014) for large data sets, and
keep words.dat  small, for the uses it was designed to cover.
▪Like any other registry-based or file-based  c on figur ation,  the dictionar y  is read at service startup, to ▪
optimiz e  oper ations.  So after  changing the contents of that file, restart the Ajax service ( ajaxsvc )
(for the WebUI on any license),Password Manager Service ( idpm ) for Bravura Pass , or Privileged
Access Manager Service ( idarch)  for Bravura Privilege  when using manual overrides  (on page 1871)
(though Bravura Privilege's r andomiz ation  allows it to usually avoid the pitfalls  of manually-selected
passwords).
Prevent users from using compromised passwords
When a user attemp ts  to update their password through the Change passwords  (PSS) module, Bravura
Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to check the password to a list of compromised passwords.
The Functional.hid_password_policy_haveibeenpwned introduces an update to the
Password Policy that will compare the password change to the "Have I been pwned?" (haveibeenpwned)
list of known compromised passwords. The password update will not be allowed to proceed if a match is
found.  
Example 
1.Install Functional.hid_password_policy_haveibeenpwned . 1.
This component aut omatic ally  c on figur es  the Require the password to be approved by this plugin
password rule to use the plugin_check_password.py  plugin.
2. Optional:  Click Manage external data store  > hid_global_c on figur ation  to c on figur e  the component’s 2.
proxy, timeout,  and r eject_on_c onnection_f ailur e  settings  to suit your environment, if necessary.
3.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  as a user and navigate to the Change passwords  (PSS) module. 3.
4. Attemp t  to change the user’s password to one that has been v erified  to be compromised and verify 4.
that the change password button  is disabled.
5. Attemp t  to change the user’s password to one that is uncompromised and verify that the change 5.
password button  is enabled and the password update is allowed to proceed.See Managing Components  (on page 315) for more in f ormation  on installing components.
Prevent users from re-using old passwords
A particularly  useful strength rule, not be an old password prevents or warns users against reusing old
passwords. This ensures that, if a user’s password was divulged in the past, it will not c onstitut e  a threat
in the future.
This rule is implemented as follows:
▪Passwords are stored in the history database table.▪
Users’ passwords are cryptographically hashed. Data includes the pr ofile  ID, account ID, target ID, the
time  the password was modified,  and by whom.
▪Bravura Security Fabric  enforces password history by matching the newly requested password against ▪
all passwords used by that user on all target systems within the selected target system group. If there
is a match, Bravura Security Fabric  rejects the new password request.
▪Users can select a password that was used on target systems in a target system group other than the▪
ones selected for password change.
▪If used in c onjunction  with the have password rules apply to the fir s t N characters rule, new ▪
passwords will be historically compared on only the fir s t N characters.
▪Passwords in the history table that are older than a certain number of days may be accepted by▪
Bravura Security Fabric  if that has been c on figur ed  by the password rule allow old passwords after  N
days .
▪Whenever a password is successfully changed by Bravura Security Fabric , it is added to the history ▪
table. This includes passwords changed by:
▪Users of the Change passwords  (PSS) module ▪
▪help desk user s using the Help users  (IDA) module ▪
▪The Password Manager service (IDPM)▪
The number of days for allow old passwords after  N days  must be greater than the number of days for
password must be changed every N days .
The recommended setting  is that N = 6 x maximum age; for example, password must be changed every
N days  set to 30 days, and allow old passwords after  N days  set to 180 days.
If c onfigured  incorrectly, users are able to reset and "change" their password using their e xisting
password.
Bravura Security Fabric does not test prospective  passwords against the target system's password history.
Reset operations  may fail due to the target system rejecting  a password it identifies  as being reused.
Bravura Security Fabric only identifies  passwords changed through the password change (PSS),
transparent s ynchroniz ation  (idpm ) or help desk (IDA) module
By default Active  Directory expires passwords every 42 days, and does not allow users to use the last 10
passwords. This means users will not be able to reuse a password until  the 11th reset minimum,
assuming they only change their password when it expires. The setting  password must be changed every
N days  only prompts users to change their passwords when they login to Bravura Security Fabric. For use
cases where Bravura Security Fabric is only accessed when users lock themselves out or forget their