▪Track changes to this attribut e  option  on the Pr ofile  and request attribut e  in f ormation  page. ▪
Users require the View pr ofile  history user access rule to use this feature.
History is kept for seven days by default. To control the number of days of history to display, c on figur e  the
USER HIST INTERNAL option  at Manage the system  > Modules  > View and  update pr ofile  (IDR).
Changes to file attribut es  are not tracked and included in profile  history.Target system groups
The target system groups menu allows you to apply:
▪Password policy▪
▪Web-based password change r es trictions ▪
▪Password s ynchr oniz ation  rules ▪
By default, all target systems belong to the default target system group, and are subject to a single, global
set of password strength rules. You may want to add additional  groups to:
▪Apply diff er en t  password policies to sets of target systems. ▪
You may want to do this if some target systems have inc ompatible  password strength rules, or some
target systems require stronger passwords than others.
You can also apply diff er en t  password policies within a target system group, by linking user classes to
policies.
▪Apply diff er en t  s ynchr oniz ation  rules. ▪
You can require passwords for all members in a group to be synchronized, or force users to choose a
diff er en t  password for each member of a group of target systems.
▪Restrict the access rights of groups of help desk user s to certain target systems. ▪
Bravura Security  recommends that all target systems belong to a single target system group, and are
subject to a single password policy. Synchronizing passwords signific an tly  reduces help desk call
volume. Even passwords on systems notorious for "weak” passwords, such as mainframes, can be
made strong with a good c ombination  of password strength rules. Forcing users to change passwords
often  also strengthens security. Grouping target systems is usually only done for legacy applic ations  or
to comply with internal policy.
You add target systems to groups on the Target system in f ormation  page ( Manage the System >
Resources > Target systems ). You can see which target systems belong to a group by clicking the
Members tab on the Target system group in f ormatio n page.
Adding a target system group
To add a target system group:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Target system groups . 1.
2.Click Add new … . 2.
3.Type a unique ID and a Description . 3.
The target system group identifier  must contain only letter s,  digits, dashes, and underscores. It may
not contain spaces. The description  is displayed to end users.
4.If required, type a URL to a web page related to the group. Users can open the URL by clicking the 4.
group description  text wherever the text appears in the user interface.
5.Determine Web password change r es trictions . 5.
See Applying web password change r es trictions  (on page 563) for details.6.Select the S ynchr oniz ation  rules to apply to this group. 6.
See Applying s ynchr oniz ation  rules  (on page 564) for details.
7.Use the Default password policy drop-down menu to select a pr e-de fined  policy that a new password 7.
must pass.
8.Click Add. 8.
You can now:
▪ De fine  user-class selected password policies to apply diff er en t  password policies to diff er en t  sets of ▪
users. See Applying password policies by user class  (on page 564).
▪Assign target systems to the group on the Target system in f ormation  page in Bravura Security Fabric . ▪
See Target Systems  (on page 480).
If you make changes to target system group c onfiguration,  you must update Bravura Security Fabric
for the changes to take eff ect.  See Applying c onfiguration  changes  (on page 494).
Applying web password change r es trictions
You apply web password change rules globally, to the default group, or to groups of target systems, to
control how passwords on member systems are related (must be the same, can be the same, must be
diff er en t)  and how much control the user should have over this.
In the simplest scenario, users have passwords on a single target system group where s ynchr oniz ation  is
required. For users the procedure is as simple as choosing a new password. In more complex scenarios,
where varied policies are enforced, users may need to select the target system group before proceeding
to the Change password web  page.
To apply web password change r es trictions:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Target system groups  then select the target system group you 1.
want to modify.
2.In the Web password change r es trictions  section  select one of the following: 2.
▪Any number of accounts can be selected for a password change▪
The user can choose which target systems (one, some, all) to change his password on. The
password is changed and synchronized only for the selected target systems.
By default, the Change passwords page is displayed with all accounts selected, and users must
deselect the account if they do not want the password changed. You can change this behavior in
the Change passwords (PSS) module settings.
▪All accounts are selected for a password change▪
The user can only select the whole target system group. Individual target systems cannot be
chosen. The password is changed and synchronized for all target systems belonging to the target
system group.
▪Only one account can be selected for a password change▪
The user can only select one target. The password is only changed for that target. This forces users
to choose a diff er en t  password for each target system in the group. See also: 
▪Target Systems  (on page 480) to learn how to c on figur e  individual settings  for individual target ▪
systems, including whether to allow password changes on a target system, or whether to display a
target system on the Change passwords page.
Applying s ynchr oniz ation  rules
You can apply password s ynchr oniz ation  globally, to the default group, or to groups of target systems. To
apply s ynchr oniz ation  rules:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Target system groups  then select the target system group you 1.
want to modify.
2.In the S ynchr oniz ation  rules section,  select: 2.
▪Synchronize passwords within this group to apply transparent s ynchr oniz ation  to the target ▪
system group. When the user changes a password nativ ely  on a target system, the change is
propagated to other target systems in the group.
▪Select Password unique to this group to ensure that the user’s password for target systems in this ▪
group are diff er en t  from passwords used for other target system groups. Passwords used in other
groups cannot be used for this group.
For this setting  to take e ff ect,  the Enforce password history  password rule must be enabled for all
other target system groups.
Applying password policies by user class
You can use user classes to apply diff er en t  password policies for segments of the user population  on the
same target system group; for example to apply stricter rules to Activ e  Directory administrators than to
regular users on the same domain. The rules are applied whenever a user changes passwords using the
web interface or transparent s ynchr oniz ation  is triggered.
To add user-class-selected password policies:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Target system groups  then select the target system group you 1.
want to modify.
2.Select the Password policies tab. 2.
3.Click Select to de fine  a user-class-selected password policy: 3.
4.Select a Password policy from the drop down list. 4.
a. De fine  user classes: a.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you ▪
want to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click 
  Add new… . ▪
b.If required, c on figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. b.
c.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to c.
match All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .5.Click on the Password policies tab or the General sub-link to list all user-class-selected password 5.
policies that have been assigned to the target system group.
The target system group’s default password policy will be applied to:
▪Console-only users▪
▪Users who do not belong to any user class selected on the group’s password policies page▪
Prioritizing  user-class-selected password policies
Only one password policy per target system group is enforced for a user. Where there are multiple
password policies set for a target system group, use the 
  icons to set the priority order of user-class-
selected policies. The higher priority policy is applied when a user belongs to multiple  user classes.
T esting  user-class-selected password policies
Click on the Test sub-link to test whether a password policy will be enforced for the tested user. Bravura
Security Fabric  displays the rules that will be enforced if the tested user has an account on an applicable
target system.
See also: 
▪The Transparent Password S ynchr oniz ation  (on page 1651) for more in f ormation  about how to ▪
implement transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
▪"Password Policy" to learn how to set up alt ernativ e  password policies. ▪Account attribut es
The term account attribut es  refers to the attribut es  of user accounts on target systems; for example,
most target systems store the “fir s t  name” and “last name” of the users on that system. In Activ e
Directory, the attribut e  that stores the fir s t name is givenName , and the attribut e  that stores the last
name is sn. There are also special account attribut es,  called p seudo-attribut es , that exist only in Bravura
Security Fabric . They are used to compose values or set flags  on a target system.
Each target system type has a diff er en t  list of account attribut es.  Each target system also has its own set
of requirements for each of its account attribut es;  for example, an attribut e  may:
▪Be required (it cannot be blank)▪
▪Contain multiple  values ▪
▪Be writable only by the underlying OS▪
▪Have f ormatting  constraints (date, phone number, email) ▪
▪Require a specific  data type (binary, boolean, character, memo, numeric) ▪
▪Be dependent on other attribut es ▪
Read this chapter to learn about how Bravura Security Fabric  handles account attribut es  and p seudo-
attribut es  when managing users on a target system, and how you can override its default c on figur ation.
See also
▪The Connector Pack Documen t ation  for in f ormation  about p seudo-attribut es  and select attribut es  on ▪
each system.
▪The documen t ation  provided with your target system softw ar e  for more in f ormation  about attribut es ▪
specific  to that system.
▪Building user pr ofiles  (on page 539) for general in f ormation  about user pr ofile  building and attribut e ▪
listing.
Handling account attribut es
Bravura Security Fabric  includes a “catalog” of shipped default attribut es  for each target system type. The
catalog includes each attribut e’ s  nativ e  name, and default requirements, c on figur ed  actions,  and pr ofile
and request attribut e  mappings.
Attribut e  inf ormation  may not be available for some target system types (Telnet, Win32 Console,
database script target systems), this is because these target systems are generally custom applic ations
unique to each environment.
Bravura Security Fabric  uses the attribut e  catalog to determine rules for “handling” each attribut e  when
managing users on a target system. For example, the sequence number  (on page 569) tells Bravura
Identity  the order in which the attribut es  should be set when a new account is created. The catalog also
determines which attribut es’  values should be loaded during auto discovery .
Bravura Security Fabric  enables you to override the default rules for handling account attribut es.  Using
the Manage the system  (PSA) module you can:▪Control how accounts are created, updated, or deleted▪
▪Determine which attribut es  to load during auto discovery ▪
▪Add new attribut es ▪
For example, do this if you want to use an attribut e  that is not included in the attribut e  catalog, if your
target system has a modified  schema or if you are t ar g eting  a custom applic ation.
▪Map account attribut es  to pr ofile  and request attribut es,  or change e xisting  attribut e  mappings ▪
▪Discover accounts in the case of sid (for Windows NT) and/or objectSid (for Activ e  Directory) ▪
attribut es.
The following sections  detail how to override account attribut es.
Overriding default account attribut e  c on figur ation
To override the default c on figur ation  for an individual account attribut e:
1.Select an override level  (on page 569). 1.
2.Select the Defaults tab. 2.
3.Browse to select the attribut e  you want to override. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays a page containing c on figur ation  in f ormation  for the attribut e.
4.Click Override to display the override c on figur ation  page. 4.
5.Click Add at the bottom  of the form. 5.
Additional  c on figur ation  options  are now available to you.6.Proceed to:6.
▪Changing the c on figur ed  action  (on page 568) ▪
▪Modifying attribut e  cr eation  sequence  (on page 569) ▪
▪Modifying attribut e  value constraints  (on page 570) ▪
▪Loading attribut es  (on page 571) ▪
▪Mapping account attribut es  to pr ofile  and request attribut es  (on page 571) ▪
▪Tracking account attribut e  changes  (on page 572) ▪
▪Specifying attribut e  values  (on page 572) ▪
▪ Deleting  specified  attribut e  values  (on page 573) ▪
7. Con firm  and test changes  (on page 573). 7.
Changing the c on figur ed  action
The c on figur ed  action  determines how Bravura Identity  should create the account attribut e  during the
“create account” and “update attribut es”  oper ation.
To change the c on figur ed  action  for individual account attribut es:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Select the appropriate action  from the Action  when cr eating  account drop-down list: 2.
▪Copy from template – Copy attribut e  values from the model account to the user’s account. ▪
▪None – Ignore the attribut e  when setting  up a new account. ▪
▪Copy from template but replace account – Copy attribut e  values but replace the account. ▪
▪Set to specified  value – Set the attribut e  to specific  values or according to pr ofile  and request ▪
attribut es.
You cannot select an action  that is not supported for the attribut e.
3.Select the appropriate action  from the Action  when updating  account drop-down list: 3.
▪Set to specified  value – Set the attribut e  to specific  values or according to pr ofile  and request ▪
attribut es.
▪Set to specified  value when mapped pr ofile  attribut e  changes – Set the attribut e  to specific  values ▪
or according to pr ofile  and request attribut es  only when the pr ofile  attribut e  has changed.
▪None – Ignore the attribut e  when updating  the account. ▪
You cannot select an action  that is not supported for the attribut e.
4.Click Update . 4.
 Next: 
If the set action  for the attribut e  is Set to specified  value , do one of the following:
▪Specify a pr ofile  and request attribut e.  Proceed to Mapping account attribut es  to pr ofile  and request ▪
attribut es  (on page 571).
▪Specify values in the “ Attribut e  value” column. Proceed to Specifying attribut e  values  (on page 572). ▪Selecting  an override level
There are two levels at which account attribut e  values can be overridden. Use the following override
levels to modify attribut e  behavior:
Target system Modify the attribut e  c on figur ation  for a specific  target system.
For example, one of your Activ e  Directory target systems might have a diff er en t
schema.
Target system type Modify the attribut e  c on figur ation  for all target systems of a given type.
For example, set an attribut e  value for accounts on all Activ e  Directory target
systems.
Target-system level overrides take priority over target-system-type overrides. If you change the default
action  for a target system type, and change the same action  for a specific  target system, the target-
system level override determines the attribut e  action  when accounts are created on the specified  target
system. All other target systems of that target-system-type will use the target-system-type override.
To select an override level:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Account attribut es . 1.
2.Select:2.
▪Target system type , select the target system type from the drop-down list, then click Select . ▪
▪Target system , then select the target system you want to modify. ▪
Use the search function  if necessary.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Account attribut e  page for the level. Attribut es  for which default
settings  apply are listed in the Defaults tab. When you make changes to the account attribut e
c on figur ation,  the attribut e  is listed in the Target system type level overrides or Target system level
overrides  tab.
Modifying attribut e  cr eation  sequence
In most cases, the default sequence number will not need changing. In some cases, attribut es  should be
set:
▪In a particular  order; for example, if a room number depends on a building loc ation,  then the loc ation ▪
attribut e  should be created fir s t.
▪Upon cr eation;  for example, LDAP target systems require that objectClass is set upon cr eation. ▪If a “ cr eation  attribut e”  fails, then the “create account” oper ation  also fails.
You control the r elativ e  order in which attribut es  should be set by assigning an attribut e  a sequence
number.
Only use a sequence number less than 0 for attribut es  that are necessary to create the base account.
To do this:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Type a value for the Sequence number : 2.
This value … Means …
<less than 0> Required attribut e  to create the base account. Not used
for optional  attribut es.
0 The sequence is not important for this attribut e.
<more than 0> Set after  new account cr eation.
The attribut e  with the lowest number is set fir s t.  If more than one attribut e  has the same sequence
number, they are set in an arbitrary order r elativ e  to each other.
3.Click Update . 3.
Modifying attribut e  value constraints
Account attribut e  value constraints determine rules for attribut e- v alue  c omposition.  By default,
attribut es  are loaded as single-valued.
Account attribut e  value constraints must be c ompatible  with the mapped profile  and request attribut e  or
the attribut e  values you specify. For example, you cannot map a required account attribut e  to an optional
profile  and request attribut e,  or a single-valued account attribut e  to a multi- valued  profile  and request
attribut e.
To modify attribut e  value constraints:
1.Navigate to the override c on figur ation  page. 1.
2.Change the following fields  as required: 2.
▪Minimum number of values – determines whether an attribut e  is required. Type 0 to make this ▪
attribut e  optional  or type a number greater than zero to require a minimum number of values.
▪Maximum number of values – determines whether more than one value is allowed. Type -1 to ▪
indicate that there is no maximum or type a number greater than zero to set the maximum
number of values.
The maximum number of values must be at least as big as the minimum number of values.
▪ Attribut e  type – select one of the following types: Binary, Boolean, String, Memo, Integer or File. ▪
▪Encoding used to store value – select: No encoding, or Base 64. ▪
3.Click Update . 3.