Implementing  Infrastructure Auto Discovery
You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to aut omatic ally  discover computer systems and accounts,
including:
▪Systems on a domain.▪
▪Administrator and user accounts whose cr edentials  are used to manage services, scheduled tasks, IIS ▪
websites, or DCOM objects.
Passwords on discovered objects are not randomized until  the objects are managed. They become
managed by being manually selected, or by passing import rules . You can also use import rules to delete
objects, or un-manage them so that passwords are not randomized.
Terminology
The following terms are used to describe the various states of computer systems:
▪Discovered objects refers to both discovered accounts and discovered systems. ▪
▪Discovered accounts are any administrator, service and user accounts that are listed from target ▪
systems, depending on the c on figur ation  of their discovery options.
▪Discovered systems are computer objects imported into the Bravura Security Fabric  database, but not ▪
yet managed.
They are listed from a domain, or are systems which has a Local Service installed and has connected to
the Local W ork s t ation  Service. No corresponding target system has been created, and passwords
cannot yet be randomized.
▪Managed target systems are discovered systems that are imported as target systems, based on a ▪
template, either manually or by passing the requirements of a target system import rule.
Passwords are not randomized until  the systems are added to a managed system policy, either
manually or by passing the requirements of an import rule.
By default, discovered systems on Activ e  Directory domains use their GUIDs as their target system IDs.
▪Discovery templates de fine  the c on figur ation  to apply to new target systems created from discovered ▪
systems. They can be applied manually or using an import rule .
▪Source systems are manually -de fined  systems from which discovered systems are listed. ▪
These are usually domain target systems that have their discovery options  set to list computer server
objects and computer w ork s t ation  objects on the domain.
Overview of import rules and auto discovery process
The general procedure for using import rules and discovered objects is as follows:
1. Con figur e  managed system policies  (on page 1834). 1.
2.(Push-mode only) De fine  at least one source system  (on page 2088). 2.
Currently, computer object discovery is supported for Activ e  Directory target systems. Account
discovery is supported for Activ e  Directory and Windows servers and w ork s t ations.3. Con figur e  discovery templates  (on page 2090) to manage discovered systems. 3.
Discovery templates are used to specify settings  for new target systems that are created from
discovered server and w ork s t ation  objects.
This is not required for discovered accounts.
4.Discover unmanaged objects.4.
▪For push mode, run auto discovery  (on page 2716). This process may take several hours. You can ▪
test the listing  only by running the command psupdate.exe -targetdiscovered -list
-no-plugins  from the util directory.
▪For local service mode, install the Privileged Access Manager Local W ork s t ation  Service  (on page ▪
1816) ( hipamlws ) on applicable systems and allow it to contact the Bravura Security Fabric  server
for the fir s t time.
5.Manage discovered systems.5.
Discovered systems require a corresponding managed system before Bravura Security Fabric  is able to
connect to them. You can manage discovered systems manually, or by using target system import
rules  (on page 2095).
6.Add managed discovered systems to managed system policies.6.
You can de fine  managed system policy members manually, or by using managed system import rules
(on page 2097).
7.Manage accounts.7.
Determine which accounts to manage on the managed system. You can manage accounts within a
managed system policy manually, using a plugin or PSLang expression, or by using managed account
import rules  (on page 2097).
Managed account import rules are only applied to discovered accounts that are found using target
system discovery options  (on page 2088).
Push mode discovery and management flo w
The following flo w  diagram illustrates the typical discovery and management process for push mode
systems.Planning for infrastructure auto discovery
Consider the following before c on figuring  import rules and discovery:
1.Managed system policies  (on page 2084) 1.
2.Source systems  (on page 2085) 2.
3. Cr edentials  for discovered systems  (on page 2085) 3.
4.Discovery templates  (on page 2086) 4.
5.Domain service accounts  (on page 2086) 5.
6.Import rules  (on page 2086) 6.
7.User access  (on page 2087) 7.
Managed system policies
The c on figur ation  of infrastructure auto discovery depends fir s tly  on the or g aniz ation  of managed system
policies Consider:
1.Policy or g aniz ation 1.
Determine whether policies are organized by:
▪Systems to which you give access▪
▪Accounts on the member systems▪
▪Disclosure methods▪
▪Permissions; for example, only allow help desk users to access specific  computers ▪
▪Usage; for example:▪
▪A default policy for storing all systems at fir s t ▪
▪Tombstone policy for all systems that have known issues▪
▪Disabled policy for systems not to have passwords changed▪
▪Load balancing; for example, policies may run specific  r eplic ation  nodes to handle randomizing ▪
passwords for one group of systems (possibly separated via geographical loc ation)
▪Other factors, such as▪
▪password policies▪
▪ r andomiz ation  schedules ▪
▪managed system types▪
2.Managed accounts2.
▪Will the accounts be domain administrators?▪
In this scenario, you would only need to manage the domain cr edentials  on the domain controller.
This should only require one policy, unless there are diff er en t  usages, permissions, or disclosure
methods to separate user access. Discovering computers and probing them is still required to
detect which services are using the domain accounts.
▪Will the accounts be local administrators?▪
▪Will the accounts have unique IDs?▪▪Will the accounts need to be discovered and managed?▪
3.Managed services3.
For scenarios where r eplic ation  node loc ations  are separated geographically, it is recommended that
the node closest to the managed systems at each loc ation  be responsible for load balancing work,
including password r andomiz ations,  or requests for users in the area. Thus, having policies dedicated
to systems at diff er en t  loc ations  will be bene ficial.
Source systems (push mode)
When implementing  push mode privileged access management, an infrastructure auto discovery plan
can incorporate multiple  sources for computers, or may purposely target only sections  of the domain to
list computers.
The following use cases illustrate some ways of using sources to discover and manage systems in push
mode:
▪Targetable source systems such as OUs, or groups.▪
In cases like this it may be useful to target each section  as a unique source, then apply import rules for
each source system. This will improve e v aluation  speeds on certain scenarios where each source will
have its own set of import rules to use.
This should be avoided if you want to manage accounts on the actual domain controller, since
t argeting  a single system twice has been known to cause issues.
▪ Multiple  source systems that get added periodically. ▪
Similar to the case above, import rules can be applied to discovered systems from each source.
▪Manually-built list of computers▪
This method is particularly  useful for infrastructure auto discovery since Bravura Security Fabric  can
filt er  out computers from a manually-built list, and writing  import rules will be easier because the
computers listed will have already been passed through a set of filt er s.
The disadvantage to this method is that the list file provided must be managed by an external source.
If the source management is unreliable, then this will cause issues with infrastructure auto discovery.
Cr edentials  for discovered systems
Determine how discovered systems will be managed:
▪Do the accounts that you plan to use to administer the discovered systems all have a common▪
password?
▪Do you intend to use domain cr edentials  to manage the system? ▪
▪Are the domain cr edentials  found on the source system? ▪
▪Are the domain cr edentials  found on a separate system? ▪
▪Do you intend to have Bravura Security Fabric  create local admin cr edentials  for each of the ▪
discovered systems?Answering these questions  will help you de fine  c onnection  methods for discovered systems  (on page
2119).
Discovery templates
Once you have decided on policy r esponsibilities,  source systems, and how Bravura Security Fabric  will
connect, you can plan discovery templates to determine specific  settings  for c onnecting  to managed
systems.
Discovery template settings  can be unique in certain scenarios such as:
▪Systems require access through unique proxy servers▪
In order to c on figur e  systems to use a specific  set of proxies, you need to use templates to de fine
which computers connect to which proxies.
There are some performance gains from using proxy servers, specific ally  when dealing with multi-
g eogr aphic al  loc ation  deployments.
▪Systems include diff er en t  target system types; such as Activ eDir ect or y  or Unix. ▪
The templates can be used to distinguish  the type of discovered system.
▪Import rules with subsequent c onnections  determined by thetemplate setting ▪
If discovered systems have unique naming patterns  for administrator accounts with the same
password, multiple  templates can help make management of the systems easier. By g ener ating  a
template for each type of administrator pattern  and/or password, you can specify what cr edentials
each discovered system should attemp t  to connect with.
Domain service accounts
When loading systems in batches, ensure that you do not manage a domain account until  Bravura
Security Fabric  has discovered all systems that may be using the account; randomizing the password
prematurely will cause services to fail to start. It is recommended to that you let auto discovery run fir s t
and detect all service accounts before you start randomizing passwords.
When Bravura Security Fabric  randomizes domain accounts that are used to manage services, it only
updates services that it knows of that are using the domain cr edentials.  Bravura Security Fabric  probes
the systems to discover the services running on them and which accounts are managing them.
Import rules
The previous planning steps will help in deciding how to create the import rules, particularly  with the
r elationship  they have with the managed system policies and discovery templates; for example:
▪For each local service mode source system, you can set a unique target system import rule for it to▪
evaluate attribut es  only available from this specific  source.
▪You can c on figur e  import rules for each type of system (push mode or local service mode). ▪
▪Each unique discovery template type requires a new target system import rule.▪
▪For each managed system policy with unique settings,  a managed system import rule may be required ▪
to attach  members.Another factor to consider in the planning stages for import rules is performance. Import rules can be
applied to all discovered systems from all sources of computers. Alt ernativ ely ,  import rules can be
c on figur ed  to only run on a set of systems, and avoid doing unnecessary c alculations  against discovered
systems from other sources; for example, an import rule created for Windows servers would not need to
be evaluated against Unix systems.
User access
Determine who should be able to access  (on page 722) what accounts, and how they will access them
(using disclosure plugins  (on page 1957)).Discovered objects
Discovered objects are systems and accounts that are:
▪Registered by a Local W ork s t ation  Service when it contacts the Bravura Privilege  server ▪
▪Found on a target system c on figur ed  as a source system ▪
▪Listed through special account attribut es  (sid and objectSid ) ▪
They are not managed initially  by default. You must either manage them using the Resources >
Discovered objects  menu, or via import rules.
For planning purposes, it is recommended that you read Implementing  Infrastructure Auto Discovery  (on
page 2081) before c on figuring  these settings.
Con figuring  source systems
When aut omatic  discovery options  are enabled for a target system, Bravura Security Fabric  can extract
additional  data for privileged access management.
▪On Activ e  Directory target systems, you can list: ▪
▪Server and w ork s t ation  computer objects ▪
▪On Micr osoft  Windows NT target systems, you can list: ▪
▪Service manager accounts (local and domain)▪
▪Scheduled task accounts (local and domain)▪
▪IIS manager accounts (local and domain)▪
▪DCOM manager accounts (local and domain)▪
▪Built-in administrator group members▪
▪On scripted target systems, you can list all of the above. This requires additional  c on figur ation  in the ▪
script files.  See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for details.
Service accounts are accounts that are used to manage services and dcom objects, authorize scheduled
tasks, and manage iiswebsite permissions. These lists are used by Bravura Privilege  to manage systems
and accounts according to import rules. See Enabling resource discovery  (on page 2088) to learn how to
enable these options.
Bravura Security Fabric  can also make listed accounts from any type of target system into discovered
account objects. See Enabling all accounts found on system to be discovered objects  (on page 2089) to
learn how to enable this option.
Enabling resource discovery
You can enable resource discovery using the Aut omatic ally  discover resources to load option  on a target
system’s Discovery options  tab, or using manually created list files (on page 2718) that are processed
during auto discovery . If you are loading resources manually by providing list files,  do not select the
Aut omatic ally  discover resources to load option.Take care when c onfiguring  target systems to list computer objects that you do not attemp t  to list the
same computer more than once. For example, when t argeting  a domain to list from specified  OUs, and a
computer exists in more than one OU.
On Windows target system, make sure the Remote Registry service is started (On Windows work s t ations
it is disabled by default, on Windows servers it is enabled by default).
To enable resource discovery options:
1.Add a target system  (on page 480) or select an e xisting  target system. 1.
2.On the Target system in f ormation  page, select the Discovery options  tab. 2.
The Aut omatic ally  discover resources to load option  is enabled by default.
3.Select the resources to load into the Bravura Security Fabric  database: 3.
4.Select Link accounts on this target system to subscribers if accounts on the target are used to run 4.
subscribers.
5.Select Incrementally discover objects if you want to enable incremental listing  of computer attribut es. 5.
This setting  prevents attribut es  from being deleted from discovered computers at load time  if no
attribut es  at all were discovered. Attribut es  are still deleted if some attribut es  were discovered; the
new set supersedes the old set.
6.Click Update . 6.
Once selected, Bravura Security Fabric  lists these additional  resources for each target system during auto
discovery  and generates a corresponding list file (on page 2718) in the p sc on fig  directory.
These discovered objects are saved in the database. To view and manually manage discovered server and
w ork s t ation  computer objects, click Manage the system > Resources > Discovered objects . See
Managing discovered objects  (on page 2092) for more in f ormation  about viewing and managing
discovered objects.
Before Bravura Security Fabric can update services, tasks, IIS and DCOM objects using domain accounts,
they must be discovered during auto discovery  otherwise password changes on domain accounts could
cause services to stop working.
Enabling all accounts found on system to be discovered objects
Bravura Security Fabric  can make listed accounts from managed systems of any target type into
discovered account objects.
To discover listed accounts:
1.On the Target system inf ormation  page, select the Discovery options  tab. 1.
2.Check Enable import rules for accounts on this system . 2.
3.Run Auto discovery . 3.
You can also use account attribut es  in import rules if they are supported and loaded (see Overriding
default account attribut e  c on figur ation  on page 567). Only NOSGRPID , NOSGRPNAME  and
NOSSHORTID  group attribut es  can be used for groups that have been managed  (on page 590).Con figuring  discovery templates
Discovery templates are used to apply c on figur ation  settings  for new target systems that are created from
discovered server and w ork s t ation  objects. The target systems are created when the servers or
w ork s t ations  become managed systems, either manually via the Manage the system > Resources >
Discovered objects menu, or via target system import rules  during auto discovery .
Default templates
Bravura Security Fabric  includes the following default discovery templates:
▪NT_TEMPLATE – This template creates a target system using the agtnt connector for Windows ▪
servers and w ork s t ations.  It creates a target system that is a source of pr ofile  IDs, and will
aut omatic ally  discover adminis tr ativ e  and service accounts during auto discovery .
You can apply this template for systems discovered on an Activ e  Directory domain.
▪LWS_NT_TEMPLATE This template creates a target system using the agtnt connector for Windows ▪
servers and w ork s t ations.  It creates a target system that is not a source of pr ofile  IDs and does not
aut omatic ally  discover adminis tr ativ e  and service accounts during auto discovery .
It is recommended that you apply this template for w ork s t ations  on which the Local W ork s t ation
Service has been installed. Used only with a full Bravura Privilege  license.
▪CISCO_IOS_SSH_TEMPLATE – This template creates a target system for Cisco IOS networking▪
equipment using a PSLang script, agtcisco-ios.psl and a scripted platform  de finition  file,
agtcisco-ios-ssh.con to call the agtssh connector. It creates a target system that is not a
source of pr ofile  IDs and does not aut omatic ally  discover adminis tr ativ e  accounts during auto
discovery .
▪CISCO_IOS_TELNET_TEMPLATE – This template creates a target system for Cisco IOS networking▪
equipment using a PSLang script, agtcisco-ios.psl and a scripted platform  de finition  file,
agtcisco-ios-telnet.con to call the agttelnet connector. It creates a target system that
is not a source of pr ofile  IDs and does not aut omatic ally  discover adminis tr ativ e  accounts during auto
discovery .
A placeholder hostname value is provided in the Cisco IOS discovery templates. This needs to be
replaced with a valid target system internal hostname in order for a Cisco IOS discovered system to be
properly managed.
Adding a discovery template
To add a discovery template:
1.Click Manage the System > Resources > Target systems  > Discovery templates . 1.
2.Click Add new... . 2.
3. Con figur e  the Target system in f ormation  for the template: 3.
▪The discovery template’s ID will be used to specify which template a discovered system will use to ▪
specify its target system settings.