▪Modules for external security question  sets should be set to the e ff ectiv e  setting ,  and all other ▪
question  sets should be set to (None). These modules should also have the From all question  sets
value set to (None).
▪The external question  sets should be set to 0 when c on figuring  values for other question  sets, such as ▪
those for the user -de fined  and pr e-de fined  question  sets.
▪ Selecting  (None) for all of the question  sets for a module resets all of the values for the question  sets ▪
to use the default question  set values.
▪When c on figuring  a question  set, if you deselect the Ask users to answer questions  from this set ▪
setting:
▪Then the question  is no longer available for use with the default login authentic ation  chain. ▪
▪External question  sets still work via legacy Front-end  c on figur ation. ▪
▪If you add a new question  set, you may need to r ec on figur e  the response.pss module for an ▪
authentic ation  chain. The new question  set is added to e xisting  response.pss modules for all
authentic ation  chains with the value for the number of questions  to ask users/help desk set to the
e ff ectiv e  setting.
External program module (external.pss)
The external program module runs the built-in external.pss  module, which interfaces with an
external authentic ation  program.
Bravura Security Fabric  ships with several sample scripts that can be used with this module, listed below:
External authentic ation  plugin samples
Sample script Description
authplugin.psl A simple demons tr ation  of this kind of plugin.
httpauth.psl  and
httpauth.exeGeneric tools for web server (NTLM, SmartCard) authentic ation
in t egr ation.
authanonreg.psl Provides authentic ation  to anonymous users who do not have pr e-
e xisting  cr edentials,  allowing them to submit pr e-de fined  requests for
new users.
authuserattr.psl Allows authentic ation  using pr ofile  attribut es,  such as date of birth and
email address.
These files are installed with a complete Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation  or if you selected Sample
files in a custom ins t allation.  See Authentic ation  Chains: Use Cases  (on page 867) and Authentic ation
Chains: Plugins  (on page 981) for more in f ormation  on using these scripts.
Set the following for the external program authentic ation  module:
If module succeeds, bypass this module in failed
attemp t  retriesThe module is not shown again for authentic ation  if the
authentic ation  chain fails and is retried from a failed
attemp t  and the module had succeeded in a previous
attemp t.Increment lockout counter when this module fails Increments the global fail counter each time  a user fails
authentic ation  for this module. It is enabled by default.
The global fail counter is managed by the MAX
USERAUTH FAILURE system variable. If the number of
failed attemp ts  reaches MAX USERAUTH FAILURE, then
the user is locked out.
Note: If a product administrator helps another user via
the HELPDESK_LOGIN chain, and the Increment lockout
counter when this module fails option  is disabled for
any of the modules in that chain, then the global fail
counter will still increase if the product
administratorfails to correctly answer any of the
questions  during help desk authentic ation.  However,
this does not cause the user to be locked-out, even if
the number of failed attemp ts  reaches or exceeds the
value set by MAX USERAUTH FAILURE.
External program Must be set to a plugin name
Target system to use for address and cr edentials This is the target system ID on which the user has an
account.
If the user does not have an account on the specified
system the authentic ation  chain will not appear.
Interface c ommunic ation  protocol Must be set to the protocol that matches the plugin you
named as your external program:
▪ Authentic ation  plugin ▪
▪ Authentic ation  plugin/6.x(Legacy) ▪
You can customize the user interface by modifying the authchain.m4  file and recompiling the skins.
See the sample files and the CUSTOMIZATION  (on page 3471) for more in f ormation.
Security questions  with answer scores module (scoreqna.pss)
The score based challenge and response module runs the built-in scoreqna.pss  authentic ation
program.
This module prompts users for questions  from the user’s question  sets. Points are provided for correct
answers, and penalties  are given for incorrect answers. The points are calculated to determine whether
the user’s score passes the authentic ation  threshold. A passing score is required to authentic a t e
successfully.
If the user has not yet answered all questions,  but the total score has passed the threshold, then the
module immediately passes authentic ation.
If the user has answered some of the questions  incorrectly, and the total score for the remaining
questions  cannot pass the threshold (even if all are answered correctly), then the module immediately
fails.Set the following for the score based challenge and response module:
If module succeeds, bypass this module in failed
attemp t  retriesThe module is not shown again for authentic ation  if the
authentic ation  chain fails and is retried from a failed attemp t  and the
module had succeeded in a previous attemp t.
Increment lockout counter when this module fails Increments the global fail counter each time  a user fails
authentic ation  for this module. It is enabled by default. The global fail
counter is managed by the MAX USERAUTH FAILURE system variable.
If the number of failed attemp ts  reaches MAX USERAUTH FAILURE,
then the user is locked out.
Note: If a product administrator helps another user via the
HELPDESK_LOGIN chain, and the Increment lockout counter when
this module fails  option  is disabled for any of the modules in that
chain, then the global fail counter will still increase if the product
administrator fails to correctly answer any of the questions  during
help desk authentic ation.  However, this does not cause the user to be
locked-out, even if the number of failed attemp ts  reaches or exceeds
the value set by MAX USERAUTH FAILURE.
If a user does not have a valid security questions
pr ofileDe fines  which action  to take when a user does not have a complete
security questions  pr ofile.  If a user’s security question  pr ofile  is
incomplete and this option  is set to:
Abort login immediately  – The entir e  authentic ation  chain is not
available as an authentic ation  method for the user and is not
displayed.
Fail this module  – The scoreqna.pss module is treated as a failure. If
the Control type for this module is set to either:
▪ sufficien t  or optional,  and the other modules in the authentic ation ▪
chain are valid for the user, then the user can still authentic a t e
using the other modules.
▪binding, required or requisite then the entir e  authentic ation  chain ▪
is not available as an authentic ation  method for the user and is
not displayed.
Bypass this module – The scoreqna.pss module is completely
ignored regardless of Control type, even if set to required.
CAUTION: If this option  is set and the module is bypassed, and the
remaining modules are set to either sufficien t  or optional,  then
access is not immediately granted. At least one of the remaining
modules must pass in order to gain authentic ation.Number of questions  to ask during authentic ation Provides more control over how many questions  to ask from each
question  set. If you do not change this setting ,  it defaults to the
setting  for each individual question  set.
You can choose:
▪From all question  sets Choosing a number from this drop-down ▪
list allows you to specify how many questions  the user is asked.
The questions  are randomly selected from all available question
sets. Setting  this value aut omatic ally  changes the value for
individual question  sets to (None).
Note:  This setting  is not intended to work for SecurID questions
when the user’s token is in extended mode, such as the next token
code or new pin mode.
▪From [ < questionse t >] Each available question  set has a drop-down ▪
list, allowing you to specify how many questions  the user is asked
from each question  set.
Changing this value aut omatic ally  changes From all question  sets
to (None).
Note:  If javascript is disabled, then you must manually set From all
question  sets to (None) before changing the value for any of the
individual question  sets.
▪Display all questions  at once... By default, this option  is disabled, ▪
which means that questions  are prompted one at a time  on their
own screen. If this option  is enabled, then all questions  appear
together on one single screen.
Points for correct answers The number of points that are added to the score for each correctly
answered question.
You can choose:
▪From all question  sets Choosing a number from this drop-down ▪
list allows you to specify the number of points that are added to
the score whenever a question  is answered correctly from all sets.
This corresponds to the number of questions  that are prompted as
specified  by From all question  sets in the Number of questions  to
ask during authentic ation  section.
This value is reset to 1 if the questions  are c on figur ed  to be
prompted from the individual question  sets. The value is still
specified,  but is not used.
▪From [ < questionse t >] Each available question  set has a drop-down ▪
list, allowing you to specify the number of points awarded for each
correct answer to questions  from each question  set.
When questions  are prompted from all question  sets, the settings
for this option  will reset to the default value (set to 1) but are not
used.P enalties  for incorrect answers The number of points that are deducted from the score as a penalty
for each incorrectly answered question.
You can choose:
▪From all question  sets Choosing a number from this drop-down ▪
list allows you to specify the number of points that are deducted
from the score whenever a question  is answered incorrectly from
all sets. This corresponds to the questions  that are prompted as
specified  by From all question  sets in the Number of questions  to
ask during authentic ation  section.
This value is reset to (None) if the questions  are c on figur ed  to be
prompted from the individual question  sets
▪From [ < questionse t >] Each available question  set has a drop-down ▪
list, allowing you to specify the number of points that are
deducted from the score for each incorrect answer to questions
from each question  set.
When questions  are prompted from all question  sets, the settings
for this option  will reset to the default value (set to (None)) but
are not used.
Authentic ation  thresholds ▪Passing score The value of the passing score indicates the number ▪
of points that are required to pass authentic ation  for the score
based challenge and response module. The passing score cannot
be greater than the total number of points that can be achieved
when correctly answering all of the available questions,  otherwise
it would be impossible to pass authentic ation.
▪Failing score The value for the failing score indicates the number ▪
of points for the module to fail authentic ation.  The failing score
cannot be less than the minimum number of total penalties  when
answering all of the available questions.
Con figur ation  notes for the Score base challenge and response module:
▪ Selecting  "(None)” for all question  sets for a module resets all of the question  set values to the default ▪
question  set values.
▪When c on figuring  a question  set, if you deselect the Ask users to answer questions  from this set ▪
setting ,  then the question  is no longer available for use with the default login authentic ation  chain.
▪If you add a new question  set, you may need to r ec on figur e  the scoreqna.pss module for an ▪
authentic ation  chain. The new question  set is added to e xisting  scoreqna.pss modules for all
authentic ation  chains that have the value for the Number of questions  to ask during authentic ation
set to the e ff ectiv e  setting.
▪Use case: A question  set (for example, the pr e-de fined  set) is disabled and the Security questions  with ▪
answer scores (scoreqna.pss) module is c on figur ed  for use with other question  sets (for example, the
user -de fined  set).
If the question  set that was previously disabled is now re-enabled, it cannot be used within the
scoreqna.pss module until  the module has been r e-c on figur ed.  For example, a user would still only be
prompted for questions  from the user -de fined  set after  the pr e-de fined  set has been re-enabled and
before the scoreqna.pss module has been r e-c on figur ed.The scoreqna.pss module would have to be modified  in order to prompt for questions  from this newly
enabled question  set.
Other parameters such as the number of points for correct or incorrect answers and the values for the
authentic ation  thresholds for the passing and/or failing score should also be adjusted accordingly to
account for the newly added/enabled question  set.
▪Use case: Both the user -de fined  and pr e-de fined  questions  sets are enabled and the Security ▪
questions  with answer scores (scoreqna.pss) module for a custom authentic ation  chain is c on figur ed
to use questions  from both of the question  sets.
If one of the question  sets has been disabled, that particular  question  set will not be available for use
with the scoreqna.pss module.
The authentic ation  chain c on figur ed  with this module will also not be usable at all until  it has been r e-
c on figur ed  to account for the missing question  set that was just disabled.
Email/SMS PIN (emailsmspin.pss)
The Email/SMS PIN module runs the built-in emailsmspin.pss  authentic ation  program. This module
will send a random PIN to the user via an email-to-SMS gateway or to the users email address.
Set the following for the Email/SMS pin authentic ation  module:
Increment lockout counter when this module fails Increments the global fail counter each time  a user fails
authentic ation  for this module. It is enabled by default.
The global fail counter is managed by the MAX
USERAUTH FAILURE system variable. If the number of
failed attemp ts  reaches MAX USERAUTH FAILURE, then
the user is locked out.
Note: If a product administrator helps another user via
the HELPDESK_LOGIN chain, and the Increment lockout
counter when this module fails  option  is disabled for
any of the modules in that chain, then the global fail
counter will still increase if the product administrator
fails to correctly answer any of the questions  during
help desk authentic ation.  However, this does not cause
the user to be locked-out, even if the number of failed
attemp ts  reaches or exceeds the value set by MAX
USERAUTH FAILURE.If user hasn’t registered an email/mobile phone
number:De fines  which action  to take when a user does not have
the required email, mobile phone number and/or SMS
gateway attribut es  de fined:
Show notice  – The user will be given a message
indic ating  that they must enroll before using this
authentic ation  chain.
Abort login immediately  – The entir e  authentic ation
chain is not available as an authentic ation  method for
the user and is not displayed.
Fail this module  – The emailsmspin.pss module is
treated as a failure. If the Control type for this module
is set to either:
▪ sufficien t  or optional,  and the other modules in the ▪
authentic ation  chain are valid for the user, then the
user can still authentic a t e  using the other modules.
▪binding, required or requisite then the entir e ▪
authentic ation  chain is not available as an
authentic ation  method for the user and is not
displayed.
Target system to use for address and cr edentials This is the target system ID on which the user has an
account.
If the user does not have an account on the specified
system the authentic ation  chain will not appear.
Email/SMS PIN settings will de fine  the c omposition  of the PIN and how the PIN
will be delivered to the user.
PIN length – The length of the randomly generated PIN
that is sent to the user. Can be set from 4 to 32
characters in length.
Type of generated PIN – Choose Numeric , Upper and
lowercase , or Alphanumeric for the PIN c omposition
for the user.
Time (in minutes) before PIN expires – The period of
time  hat the PIN will be valid. The default is time  10
minutes.
PIN delivery method – Choose whether you want the
PIN to be delivered via Email or Email/SMS gateway .
Plugin to send the generated PIN – The plugin that will
be used to send the generated PIN. The default is the
GLOBAL MAIL PLUGIN .Attribut es de fines  what pr ofile  attribut es  will be used for sending
of the PIN.
Note:  In order for a pr ofile  attribut e  to be listed it must
be c on figur ed  with Allow for authentic ation  chains
selected.
Pr ofile  attribut e  specifying email/mobile phone
number – This attribut e  will determine what email
address or mobile number will be used to send the PIN
to the user.
Pr ofile  attribut e  specifying mobile phone service
provider – When the PIN delivery method selected is
the Email/SMS gateway , this attribut e  will be set to the
users mobile provider.
Message settings de fines  the message content of the email being sent to
the user.
Sender email address for the PIN delivery message –
The senders email address. The default is the SENDER
EMAIL .
PIN delivery message subject – The contents of the
subject line being delivered to the user.
PIN delivery message content – The contents of the
email body being delivered to the user.
PIN delivery message format – Choose the format of
the email, Plain text or HTML .
Connector package agent (agent.pss)
The connector package agent module runs the built-in agent.pss  authentic ation  program. This
module will allow for authentic ation  using either the user verify password or challenge response
authentic ation  oper ations  directly for applicable connectors.
Set the following for the connector package agent module:
Increment lockout counter when this module fails Increments the global fail counter each time  a user fails
authentic ation  for this module. It is enabled by default. The
global fail counter is managed by the MAX USERAUTH
FAILURE system variable. If the number of failed attemp ts
reaches MAX USERAUTH FAILURE, then the user is locked
out.
Target system to use for address and cr edentials This is the target system ID on which the user has an
account.
If the user does not have an account on the specified  system
the authentic ation  chain will not appear.Password v erific ation  oper ation This is the connector oper ation  that will be used for
authentic ation  to the target system as noted above. It may
be set to one of these two oper ations:
User verify password – Authentic ation  will be done using the
user verify password oper ation  for the target system.
Challenge response authentic ation  – Authentic ation  will be
done using the challenge response authentic ation  oper ation
for the target system.
Note: This may only be set for the target systems in which
these are supported oper ations.  For example, a RADIUS
Authentic ation  or RSA Authentic ation  Manager 7.1/8.2
target system may be used for the challenge-response
authentic ation.
Authentic ation  chain selector (select_chain)
The authentic ation  chain selector module ( select_chain ) can run a plugin to aut omatic ally  choose
an authentic ation  chain to use to log in.
Bravura Security Fabric  ships with two sample scripts that can be used with this module:
▪chainselect.psl is a generic sample to demonstrate IP based chain selection ▪
▪authselect.psl can be used to direct users to a single-page login page that includes ID and ▪
password fields.
For example, if the sample authselect.psl script is c on figur ed  for the DEFAULT_LOGIN
authentic ation  chain, then it can be used to allow the user to enter both their user ID and password on
the main page to log into the Front-end . If valid cr edentials  are used, then the default password.pss
module is used for authentic ation  and the user is aut omatic ally  logged in.
These sample files are installed with a complete Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation  or if you selected
Samplefiles in a custom ins t allation.  See Authentic ation  Chains: Use Cases  (on page 867) and
Authentic ation  Chains: Plugins  (on page 981) for more in f ormation.
Set the following for the authentic ation  chain selector module:
Run this plugin to aut omatic ally  select a sub-chain Specify the name of the plugin to run to select
authentic ation  chains. The plugin accepts in f ormation
from the Front-end, such as HTTP headers, posted data,
and authentic ation  chain in f ormation.
If selected chain fails, aut omatic ally  try the same
chain againEnable this checkbox to aut omatic ally  reload this
authentic ation  chain if authentic ation  to the Front-end
fails. If this option  is disabled (default), then users that
fail authentic ation  are redirected to the main page.
Allow plugin to skip chain selection  (plugin only) Select this checkbox if you specified  a plugin and you
want to allow it to skip chain selection  for users who
already meet authentic ation  requirements.Available chains Select the e xisting  authentic ation  chains from which
end users can choose.
You can customize the user interface by modifying the authchain.m4  file and recompiling the skins.
See the sample files and the CUSTOMIZATION  (on page 3471) for more in f ormation.
Mobile authentic ation  (mobileapp)
The Mobile authentic ation  module will allow for authentic ation  using a QR Code that is scanned from the
Bravura One  app that is registered for Bravura One  for the user for two factor authentic ation.
Set the following for the Mobile authentic ation  module:
QR code dur ations  (default 60 seconds) de fines  the amount of time  that a QR Code will be
displayed to the user for authentic ation.
See also: 
▪ Con figur e  2-factor authentic ation  via Bravura One  app (on page 876) ▪
▪See Mobile access  (on page 1444) for more in f ormation  about Bravura One  and the Bravura One  app. ▪
Next: 
▪Add another authentic ation  module  (on page 845) (optional) ▪
▪Set authentic ation  module order  (on page 860) ▪
▪Enable authentic ation  chains  (on page 861) ▪
Setting  authentic ation  module order
Once you have created an authentic ation  chain and added modules, you can change the order that
modules are executed within an authentic ation  chain.
To set the order of modules within an authentic ation  chain:
1.Enter a number in the Order field  for each module in the authentic ation  chain; for example, if the 1.
chain has four modules, then you could enter the numbers 1, 2, 3 and 4 to indicate the order for the
modules to appear. The numbers do not have to start at 1; you could also use the numbers 2, 3, 4, and
5. This could be helpful if you wanted to move the fir s t module into last position  without re-
numbering each module.
Each Order field  must contain a unique value. If you enter the same order number for multiple
modules and click Order , the Order fields  revert back to their previous values.
2.Click Order . 2.
Next: 
Enable the authentic ation  chain  (on page 861)