extension. There  should not be any password change requirements on the domain administrator
account used to sync the directory. If the domain administrator  password expires or changes, you will
need to r e-c on figur e  the Azure AD connect sync agent with the new cr edential  To download the Azure AD
Connect applic ation,  navigate to: Azure portal > Directory Overview > Azure AD Connect > Download
Azure AD Connect .
Once Azure AD connect sync has been successfully c on figur ed  on the local AD server, and all users on the
local AD server have been synced successfully to the Azure AD tenant, you will see those synced accounts
added to the Azure ADThe "Directory Synced" column indicates which accounts originated from the local
AD server.Because the local AD server has no public domain name, a custom domain is not used when user
accounts are synced to the Azure AD. All user accounts are synced to the Azure AD under the default
domain name "w ork e x ample.onmicr osoft.c om"  of the Azure . For example, user1 on the local AD server
will be synced to the Azure AD as user1@w ork e x ample.onmicr osoft.c om.  Users that were synced to the
Azure AD can also log on the Azure AD portal. Once MFA is enabled for them, those users will be
instructed to register MFA on the Micr osoft  Authentic a t or  app at the next Azure portal login in order to
receive MFA push notific ations.Once the Azure AD connect sync has been successfully c on figur ed,  it should normally show "Healthy"
status on the Azure AD connect cloud sync page. Sometimes  it might show an error status like
"Quar antined  may appear" when the network c onnection  is broken or has some other err. It should go
back to "Healthy" aut omatic ally  at the next sync. Error status can also be cleared manually by an admin.
Once Azure AD connect cloud sync is working well, any change to user accounts on the local AD server
will be aut omatic ally  synced to the Azure AD.
Network Policy Server (NPS) with NPS extension for Azure MFA
The Network Policy Server acts as a RADIUS bridge between the Bravura Security Fabric  instance and the
Azure AD, passing authentic ation  requests from the Bravura Security Fabric  instance to the Azure MFA for
approval.
NPS is available to Windows servers with the "Network Policy and Access Services" role enabled. The NPS
role can be added to the AD server, but it's better  to add it to a diff er en t  windows server computer.
Before adding the Network Policy and Access Services server role to a machine that is not your local AD
host, ensure the Windows server has joined to the domain of the local AD server.
To add NPS server role, see "Install Network Policy Server" in this link for details:
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/window s-ser v er/r emot e/r emot e-access/vpn/ alw a y s-on- vpn/deplo y/
vpn-deplo y -np s .
After  the NPS server role has been added, c on firm  that the NPS server is registered with the local AD
server:1.Launch Network Policy Serve r from Tools  menu on the Server Manager 1.
2.Right click on the NPS node, and select the Register server in Activ e  Directory  menu if it is not 2.
registered yet. This option  will be grayed out if it has been registered already.The NPS extension for Azure MFA uses winhttp  to communicate with Azure AD, and the required port
443 may be blocked by your or g aniz ation.  In this case, you may need to set a winhttp  proxy to allow
the c ommunic ation  to work between the NPS extension and the Azure AD.You can use following command to set winhttp  proxy on the NPS server before installing the NPS
extension for Azure MFA:
netsh winhttp set proxy "http://your-proxy-address:80" "<local>"
and you can use this command to show current winhttp  proxy settings:
netsh winhttp show proxy
After  the winhttp  proxy has been c on figur ed,  reboot the NPS server to allow services/apps to use new
winhttp  proxy settings.
The ins t allation  of NPS extension for Azure MFA onto the NPS server asks for the following in f ormation:
1.The tenant ID of the Azure AD1.
2.A work or school account with admin rights.2.
Each Azure AD tenant has a tenant ID, so you can find and copy its tenant ID at Azure portal.
If you created a cloud-only global administrator account on the Azure AD tenant, that account can be
used as a work/school account. If you created a new Azure account for a free trial license, that account is
not a work or school account.
To Install the NPS extension, see the "Install the NPS extension" section  here:
http s://docs.micr osoft.c om/ en-us/ az ur e/ activ e-dir ect or y/ authentic ation/ho w t o-m f a-np s-e x t ension
After  the NPS extension for Azure MFA has been installed, and before running the c on fig  script for NPS
Extension in the folder "C:\Program Files\Micr osoft\Az ur eMf a\Con fig",  you may need to run the
following powershell command to set security protocol fir s t,  otherwise the c on fig  script may not run
successfully.
[Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol =
[Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
To allow the NPS server to accept RADIUS requests from the Bravura Security Fabric  instance, you also
need to add a new RADIUS client to the NPS server:
1.In the Network Policy Server window, right-click on RADIUS Clients, then click New . 1.
2.Specify the address of the Bravura Security Fabric  instance and a shared secret on the RADIUS client 2.
pr operties  window. You can leave other settings  with default values.3.Expand the Policies  tree, and set the authentic ation  policy to Accept users without v alidating 3.
cr edentials.Because our example AD only has a local domain name (CorpAD.local) and no public domain name,
there is no custom domain c on figur ed  on Azure AD for users synced from the local AD server. As a
result, users on AD server are synced to Azure AD under the Azure AD default domain (i.e.w ork e x ample.onmicr osoft.c om).  This means that the domain name of the users on the AD server is
diff er en t  from the domain name of the synced users on Azure AD, and usernames in the MFA requests
received from Bravura Security Fabric  instance (i.e. user1@CorpAD.local) is diff er en t  from UPN
(Universal Principal Name) of the synced user on Azure AD (i.e.
user1@w ork e x ample.onmicr osoft.c om).
Azure MFA uses the UPN of the synced user to send push notific ations  send push notific ations.
The NPS extension for Azure MFA provides a solution  to use an alt ernativ e  user attribut e  as Azure MFA
login attribut e.  This alt ernativ e  user attribut e  can be specified  using a registry key. Normally you
would use the user's email attribut e  on the local AD server, so you can update the user's email
address to the user's matching UPN on the Azure AD.
4.On the NPS server with NPS extension for Azure MFA installed, set the registry value of "HKLM 4.
\SOFTW ARE\Micr osoft\Az ur eMf a\LD AP_AL TERNA TE_L OGINID_A T TRIBUTE"  to "mail".