Track the results of the name change
To track the results of the name change request:
1.Try to log into the Bravura Security Fabric  web app with the old Pr ofile  ID of the renamed user. 1.
The login should fail, as the user is invalid.
2.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  with the new Pr ofile  ID of the renamed user. 2.
The login should be successful.
The new Profile  ID can be found in the details page of the name change request. By default, the new
Profile  ID will be Last name + Middle name + First name, all in capital case. The rule for Profile  ID
generation  is defined  in hid_policy_attr val_c alculation.
3.Click View and update pr ofile  from the My profile  menu. 3.
The name and pr ofile  ID of the user should have been updated. The renamed user should retain all
entitlemen ts  and privileges.
4.On the Activ e  Directory target system, view pr operties  of the renamed user. 4.
The name, logon name, and email of the user should have been changed.
Leave of absence
Bravura Security Fabric  can update a user’s leave of absence status and disable their accounts on the
specified  date they leave and enable them again on the date the user returns. This is particularly  useful
when employees take paternity or maternity leave.
im_corp_loa
Purpose:
This scenario component implements a leave of absence (LoA) use case, where users can be disabled for
a de fined  period of time,  after  which their access is aut omatic ally  r eactiv a t ed.  When installed, it
c on figur es  a number of pr e-de fined  requests as well as a dedicated policy engine for granular control
over each step of the process.
Configur ation:
External data store ( extdb ) tables containing c on figur ation  relevant to this scenario:
▪im_leave_of_absence: Adds policy settings  to control all aspects of the leave of absence process. ▪
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds authoriz ation  rules to facilitate the fulfillmen t  of LoA related requests ▪
without requiring any authoriz ation,  since all w orkflo w  requests are driven by scheduled tasks and API
users.
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules for handling LoA related pr ofile  attribut es  (LEAVE-*), which may have ▪
to be updated as part of these requests.Example: Leave of Absence - Offboar ding  and Onboarding
A leave of absence can be applied to s t a ff  who will be on extended leave, such as sabbatic als,  study,
parental, and medical leave. A manager will request a leave of absence on behalf of a user and set start
and return dates. A scheduled task will run to trigger the leave of absence and disable the user’s
accounts.
Since leaves of absence are intended to be reversible, accounts are not deleted and group memberships
are not revoked – the only actions  are to disable and later re-enable accounts and user pr ofiles.
This example shows how to install the component t which controls corporate leave of absence policies,
lists the pr e-de fined  requests that will need customized to your environment, and walks you through a
leave of absence request.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Identity  and Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system has been added as a source of pr ofiles ▪
Deploy Leave of Absence
To deploy the leave-of-absence component:
1.Install Scenario.im_corp_loa . 1.
2.Click Manage external data store  to verify the following tables are available and c on figur ed  for the 2.
environment:
▪HID_GLOBAL_CONFIGURATION to set targets that are a source of pr ofile  ID ▪
▪HID_POLICY_ATTRVAL_DEFAULT to set r elativ e  default values ▪
▪HID_POLICY_ATTRVAL_VALIDATION to set input v alidation ▪
▪IM_LEAVE_OF_ABSENCE to set leave of absence c on figur ations ▪
▪IM_POLICY_AUTHORIZATION to set authoriz ations  for the requests ▪
3. Con figur e  the membership of the LOA-AUTHORIZERS user class. 3.
4. Con figur e  the following pr e-de fined  requests: 4.
▪LOA-EFFECTIVE▪
▪LOA-REQUEST▪
▪LOA-RETURN▪
▪LOA-RETURNED▪
As a manager, request a leave of absence using the pr e-defined  leave of absence request
To test this feature, request a leave of absence:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a manager. 1.
2.Click View and update pr ofile  under Other users . 2.3.Select the user to request a leave of absence for.3.
4.Click Leave of absence . 4.
5.Fill out and submit the request.5.
6.If required, log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as an authorizer and approve the request. 6.
7.Allow the start date to pass so that LOA-EFFECTIVE can trigger the event.7.
8.Verify that the user has been modified  as follows: 8.
▪The user’s status should be set to on leave.▪
▪The user’s pr ofile  and account should be disabled. ▪
See also:
▪ Pr e-de fined  requests  (on page 1311) for more in f ormation  about c on figuring  pr e-de fined  requests and ▪
user classes.
▪Installing components  (on page 316) for in f ormation  about installing components. ▪
Offboar ding
Use case
Over a life cycle of a user they will need to be removed from the system. A user may be required to be
deactiv a t ed  because their contract has concluded or there is a need to urgently deactiv a t e  them.
Depending on the need, the users will go through a t ermination  process that will progress over several
stages including, warning their manager, disabling and archiving their accounts and finally  deleting  and
cleaning their access and in f ormation.
Solution
Bravura Identity  includes scenario components to manage the offboar ding  of users from the system. This
can include scheduled t ermination  or urgent t ermination.
Bravura Identity  can detect when a user’s scheduled t ermination  date is approaching. The t ermination
date will either be set by the manager or via a human resources system. Bravura Identity  will inform the
user’s manager via email that they have a subordinate that will be terminated soon. This will give the
manager an opportunity to review and pot entially  extend their access.
When the user’s t ermination  date has been reached Bravura Identity  will disable the user’s access. The
manager has the option  to restore the user at this point if they so desire. After  a period of time  the user’s
access will be archived. This process can include moving accounts into a diff er en t  or g aniz ational  unit or
group and moving home directories.
After  another period of time  the user’s access will be cleaned up by deleting  accounts and the user’s
personal in f ormation  may be deleted from Bravura Identity . Some in f ormation  will remain in Bravura
Identity  to detect whether or not the user can be rehired.
Configure  Bravura Identity  to monitor upcoming t erminations.  At a minimum, send email reminders to
managers telling them their soon to be terminated subordinates and a url link to extend the user’s accessperiod. Warning emails should be sent to managers 30, 15 and 10 days before the access is terminated.
The archive and cleaning phases should be set to a minimum of 90 and 180 days respectively .
Initial  c onsider ations
Answer the following questions  to determine the best solution:
▪Are there employees that have a set t ermination  date like contractors? Setting  a user’s t ermination ▪
date may allow greater fle xibility  for contractor t ermination  or renewal processes.
▪Is there a need to urgently terminate a user and remove their access? A situation  may arise where a ▪
user’s access needs to be removed immediately.
▪Where is the scheduled t ermination  in f ormation  coming from? The user’s manager or a human ▪
resources system may have this in f ormation  which is propagated into Bravura Identity .
▪What process or periods of time  for each stage do you want users’ access to go through? The periods ▪
of time  between notific ations  of t ermination  and final  clean up can be c on figur ed.
▪Does the user’s personal in f ormation  need to be deleted during the final  stage? Depending on your ▪
locale this may be required to be compliant with legislation.
Aut omation
im_c orp_aut oma t ed_t ermination
Purpose:
This scenario implements an automated, multi-s t ep  t ermination  process for e xisting  users based on
changes detected on a monitored system of record (SoR).
Configur ation:
External data store ( extdb ) tables containing c on figur ation  relevant to this scenario:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation:  Adds TERMINATE_* and TERMINATION_* settings  under the AUTOMATION ▪
namespace, to de fine  parameters such as the target ID for the SoR, the pr e-de fined  request to be used
for automated t ermination  requests or the criterion used to trigger the t ermination  process.
▪ im_t ermination:  This is a policy table containing c on figur ation  details for each step of the t ermination ▪
process.
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules involving pr ofile  and request attribut es  c alculation  and v alidation, ▪
required for the w orkflo w  engine and scheduled tasks to successfully process t ermination  requests.
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds authoriz ation  rules for each w orkflo w  request that is part of the ▪
scheduled t ermination  process.
Example: T ermination  of a user account originating  from a System of Record.
This example shows you how to c on figur e  Bravura Identity  to deactiv a t e  an account using in f ormation
from a System of Record; for example, a t ermination  date set on the account in Activ a t e  Directory.
Use this component when:▪You want one or more source of record targets to be monitored for deleted records and generate a▪
t ermination  request while avoiding duplic ation.
▪You have contractors who should be terminated at a scheduled t ermination  date. ▪
▪You may have a business need to defer these t ermination  dates, so you need advance warning of ▪
upcoming t erminations.
▪You may have a business need to restore a terminated user whose accounts are in disabled status, so▪
you need to c on figur e  archive and cleanup policy as part of t ermination.
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪You have installed Bravura Workforce P attern . ▪
▪You have c on figur ed  the AD target system. ▪
▪You have c on figur ed  the HRAPP target system. ▪
Configur e  automated t ermination
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a superuser. 1.
2.Install Scenario.im_c orp_aut oma t ed_t ermination  if it is not installed already. 2.
3.Click Manage external data  store to verify the following tables are available and c on figur ed  for the 3.
environment:
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation  sets the authoriz ation  policies for t ermination  pr e-de fined  requests for ▪
both scheduled and urgent t ermination  requests.
▪ im_t ermination  contains c on figur ation  details for each step of a scheduled t ermination  process. ▪
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_de f ault  sets the rules involving pr ofile  and request attribut es  c alculation  and ▪
v alidation,  required for the w orkflo w  engine and scheduled tasks to successfully process
t ermination  requests.
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation  adds TERMINATE_* and TERMINATION_* settings  under the ▪
AUTOMATION namespace, to identif y  parameters such as the Target ID for the SoR, the pr e-de fined
request to be used for the automated t ermination  requests or the criterion used to trigger the
t ermination  process.
4.Click hid_global_c on figur ation  table. 4.
5.Adjust AUTOMATION settings  as necessary: 5.
▪TERMINATE_SOR_TARGET  Sets the Source of Record for accounts. This will be a target system that ▪
contains the scheduled t ermination  date.
▪TERMINATE_SOR_ROOT  Sets the target root account. ▪
▪TERMINATE_REQUEST_REASON  Sets the request reason for the automated t ermination. ▪
▪TERMINATE_PDR  Sets the pr e-de fined  request that the automated t ermination  will use. ▪
▪TERMINATION_TYPE  Sets the c ondition  to use to determine if a user is terminated. ▪
▪TERMINATION_ATTR  Sets the attribut e  used to determine whether a user should be terminated ▪
(only used when TERMINATION_TYPE = attribut e).▪TERMINATION_ATTR_VAL  Sets the value to be used to determine whether a user should be ▪
terminated (only used when TERMINATION_TYPE = attribut e).
6.Customize PDRs as necessary.6.
The following PDRs have been pr e-c on figur ed  for the t ermination  scenario. However, you may want to
customize to your needs. For example; edit the access control or change the oper ations.
▪SCHEDULE-NOTIFY▪
▪SCHEDULE-TERM▪
▪ARCHIVE-USER▪
▪CLEANUP-DELETE-USER▪
Schedule a t ermination
To test the automated t ermination  component settings:
1.Set the scheduled t ermination  date for a user on the Source of Records. 1.
This process will be diff er en t  for each or g aniz ation  based on the HR target you use.
2.Execute auto discovery.2.
3.Depending on the t ermination  date specified  one of the following will occur: 3.
▪A t ermination  warning will be submitted  the recipient’s manager 10,15,30 days prior to ▪
t ermination.
▪The user will be disabled and when the terminated user attemp ts  to login it will fail with a notice ▪
that the account is disabled.
4.Execute auto discovery following the archive days (defaulted to 90).4.
Users in a terminated state for the length of the archive days will have an archive request submitted  to
perform archive tasks.
5.Execute auto discovery following the clean-up days (defaulted to 180).5.
Users in an archived state for the length of the clean-up days will have an clean-up request submitted
to perform clean-up tasks.
Manual requests
im_c orp_manual_t ermination
Purpose:
This scenario implements use cases for both scheduled and urgent t ermination   of users. When installed,
this component c on figur es  a number of pr e-de fined   requests as well as a dedicated policy table for
granular control over each step  of a scheduled t ermination  process.
Configur ation:
External data store ( extdb ) tables containing c on figur ation  relevant to this scenario:
▪ im_t ermination:  This is a policy table containing c on figur ation  details for each step of a scheduled ▪
t ermination  process.▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules involving pr ofile  and request attribut es  c alculation  and v alidation, ▪
required for the w orkflo w  engine and scheduled tasks to successfully process t ermination  requests.
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds authoriz ation  rules for both scheduled and urgent t ermination ▪
requests.
Example: Deactiv a t e  users manually
This example shows you how to install the scenario component that implements use cases for both
scheduled and urgent t ermination  of users. When installed, this component c on figur es  a number of PDRs
as well as a dedicated policy table for granular control over each step of a scheduled t ermination  request
via the UI using a PDR.
Use this component when:
▪You have contractors who should be terminated at a scheduled t ermination  date. ▪
▪You may have a business need to defer these t ermination  dates, so you need advance warning of ▪
upcoming t erminations.
▪You have to trigger an urgent t ermination  of a user. ▪
▪You may have a business need to restore a terminated user whose accounts are in disabled status, so▪
you need to c on figur e  archive and cleanup policy as part of t ermination.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪You have installed Bravura Workforce P attern . ▪
▪You have c on figur ed  the AD target system. ▪
▪You have c on figur ed  the HRAPP target system. ▪
Install t ermination  components
1.Log in to Bravura Identity  as a superuser. 1.
2.Install Scenario.im_c orp_manual_t ermination. 2.
3.Navigate to Manage external data store  to verify the following tables are available and c on figur ed  for 3.
the environment:
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation  sets the authoriz ation  policies for t ermination  pr e-de fined  requests for ▪
both scheduled and urgent t ermination  requests.
▪ im_t ermination  contains c on figur ation  details for each step of a scheduled t ermination  process. ▪
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_de f ault  sets the rules involving pr ofile  and request attribut es  c alculation  and ▪
v alidation,  required for the w orkflo w  engine and scheduled tasks to successfully process
t ermination  requests.
4.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests . 4.
5. Con figur e  the following pr e-de fined  requests as needed: 5.
▪SCHEDULE-NOTIFY Used to set notific ation  attribut es  for scheduled t ermination  during the ▪
notific ation  stage of the t ermination.▪SCHEDULE-TERM  Used to disabled user accounts and set t ermination  attribut es. ▪
▪ARCHIVE-USER  Used to archive user accounts and home directories. ▪
▪CLEANUP-DELETE-USER  Used to delete user accounts and personal in f ormation. ▪
▪REHIRE  Used to enable user accounts after  they have been terminated. This pr e-de fined  request is ▪
valid if the user is allowed to be rehired.
▪URGENT-TERM  Used to terminate a user immediately. The user will not be allowed to be rehired ▪
after  this request is issued.
▪RESTORE-TERMINATED-USER  Used to restore a user that was terminated. ▪
Set t ermination  policy
Con figur e  t ermination  policy based on the business logic required using Bravura Identity .
1.Log in to Bravura Identity  as a superuser.. 1.
2.Click Manage external data store > im_t ermination  table . 2.
3.Modify settings  to suit your needs. While the default settings  are sufficien t  for majority of cases the 3.
following can be changed:
▪pdrid The pr e-de fined  request id to be submitted. ▪
▪reason  The reason to be appended to the pr e-de fined  request. ▪
▪days  Applies to archive  and warning . ▪
▪For archive , this de fines  the number of days after  t ermination  to archive or delete the user. ▪
▪For warning , this de fines  the number of days before leave of absence to send a notific ation. ▪
▪to Applies to disable  and warning . List of email addresses to send notific ations  to. ▪
▪to_fallback Applies to disable  and warning . A fallback email address to send notific ations  to (if ▪
the ’to’ c ondition  described above yields no valid email addresses). This can be a comma separated
list of email addresses.
▪subject Applies to disable  and warning . Email subject tag. ▪
▪body Applies to disable  and warning . Email body tag. ▪
▪manager_propagate Applies to archive . If ’true’, update the ORGCHART_MANAGER attribut e  for ▪
the archived user’s subordinates to the archived user’s managers.
▪detach_grp Applies to archive . If set, remove the archived user from the specified  groups. Group ▪
must be in the form TARGETID:GROUPFQN. Can be set multiple  times.
▪ attach_grp  Applies to archive . If set, add the archived user from the specified  groups. Group must ▪
be in the form TARGETID:GROUPFQN. Can be set multiple  times.
▪requester  The requester userid. If set, will be used instead of the default _API_USER. If specified ▪
multiple  times,  the fir s t valid requester will be used.
▪delete_data  Whether sensitiv e  user data should be deleted as part of user t ermination. ▪
▪ deletion_attr s  A comma separated list of personal user attribut es  which should be deleted as part ▪
of t ermination.
4.Click Manage external data store > im_policy_authoriz ation  table. The default settings  are sufficien t 4.
for the majority of cases you can change the authoriz ation  flo w  as desired by the business logic.5.Test your c on figur ation  as follows: 5.
a.Log into Bravura Identity  as a manager. a.
b.Navigate to the View and update pr ofile  menu option  for the user to be terminated. b.
c.Submit the Scheduled or deferred t ermination  PDR with the scheduled t ermination  date far c.
enough in the future.
d. Con firm  that the user’s manager is warned by email about the approaching t ermination  date of d.
user once per warning period as per the policy.
e. Con firm  that after  the t ermination  date elapses, the user is terminated, their pr ofile  is disabled and e.
their accounts are disabled, archived and cleaned up according to policy.Part VII Network Resource Management