Option Description
WF RUN CONFLICTING OPS When this option  is enabled, c on flicting  oper ations  (for example, remove a
group, add the same group) are both run. If set to disabled, the oper ations
cancel each other out, and neither is run.
W orkflo w  general events that launch interface programs
Option Description
APPROVED EXCEPTION ADD
FAILUREAn e x ception  to a SoD rule fails to be added to the database.
APPROVED EXCEPTION ADD
SUCCESSAn e x ception  to a SoD rule is successfully added to the database.
APPROVED EXCEPTION DEL FAILURE An e x ception  to a SoD rule fails to be deleted from the database.
APPROVED EXCEPTION DEL SUCCESS An e x ception  to a SoD rule is successfully deleted from the database.
EXCEPTION DEFICIT PRIVILEGE ADD A role-enforcement de ficit  e x ception  is approved.
EXCEPTION DEFICIT PRIVILEGE DEL A role-enforcement de ficit  e x ception  is deleted.
EXCEPTION SURPLUS PRIVILEGE
ADDA role-enforcement surplus e x ception  is approved.
EXCEPTION SURPLUS PRIVILEGE DEL A role-enforcement surplus e x ception  is deleted.
GROUP GROUPADD SUCCESS A group has been successfully added to another group
GROUP GROUPADD FAILURE A group has failed to be added to another group.
GROUP GROUPDELETE SUCCESS A group has been successfully removed from another group.
GROUP GROUPDELETE FAILURE A group has failed to be removed from another group.
GROUP OWNER ADD SUCCESS A user is successfully made an owner of a group.
GROUP OWNER DELETE SUCCESS A user’s ownership of a group is revoked.
IDACCESS TOO MANY GROUPS A network resource plugin returns a number of groups greater than or
equal to the value of the IDACCESS GROUPS THRESHOLD setting.
IMPLEMENTER POPULATED Implementers are assigned to a resource.
NR CREATE FAILURE Program to execute when a network resource failed to be created.
NR CREATE SUCCESS Program to execute when a network resource is successfully created
NR DELETE FAILURE Program to execute when a network resource failed to be deleted.
NR DELETE SUCCESS Program to execute when a network resource is successfully deleted.
NR MOVE FAILURE Program to execute when a network resource failed to be moved.
NR MOVE SUCCESS Program to execute when a network resource is successfully moved.
NR UPDATE FAILURE Program to execute when a network resource failed to be updated.
NR UPDATE SUCCESS Program to execute when a network resource is successfully updated.
PREQUEST USED A pr e-de fined  request is used.
REMOVE ROLE FAILURE A role fails to be removed from a user.
REMOVE ROLE SUCCESS A role is successfully removed from a user.Option Description
USER CREATE FAILURE An account fails to be created.
USER CREATE SUCCESS An account is successfully created.
USER DELETE FAILURE An account fails to be deleted
USER DELETE SUCCESS An account is successfully deleted.
USER DISABLE FAILURE An account fails to be disabled.
USER DISABLE SUCCESS An account is successfully disabled.
USER ENABLE FAILURE An account fails to be enabled.
USER ENABLE SUCCESS An account is successfully enabled
USER GROUPADD FAILURE A user fails to be made a member of a group.
USER GROUP ADD SUCCESS A user is successfully made a member of a group.
USER GROUPDELETE FAILURE A user fails to be removed from a group.
USER GROUPDELETE SUCCESS A user is successfully removed from a group.
USER MOVECTX FAILURE An account fails to be moved to another context.
USER MOVECTX SUCCESS An account is successfully moved to another context.
USER UPDATE FAILURE An account fails to be updated.
USER UPDATE SUCCESS An account is successfully updated.
WF MODELAFTER USED A request has been submitted  using pr ofile  comparison.
WF MODELAFTER VIEW A model user has been selected for pr ofile  comparison.
WF REQUEST ACTION FINALIZED Some actions  in a request have been finaliz ed.
WF REQUEST COMPLETED A request has been completed. No more actions  are to be taken.
WF REQUEST DECIDED A request has been fully decided. All actions  have been approved, denied,
or canceled.
WF REQUEST ONHOLD A request has been put on hold.
WF REQUEST POSTED A request has been posted to w orkflo w .
WF REQUEST POST FAILURE A request has failed to be posted to w orkflo w .
W orkflo w  manager service (idwfm) events that launch interface programs
Option Description
IDWFM EVENT ABORT W orkflo w  Manager Service aborts a w orkflo w  event.
IDWFM EVENT EMAIL MISSING W orkflo w  Manager Service detects the email address is missing for the
email recipient.
IDWFM EVENT FAILURE W orkflo w  Manager Service fails to execute a w orkflo w  event.
IDWFM EVENT RETRY W orkflo w  Manager Service retries a w orkflo w  event.
IDWFM EVENT START W orkflo w  Manager Service starts a w orkflo w  event.
IDWFM EVENT SUCCESS W orkflo w  Manager Service succeeds in e x ecuting  a w orkflo w  event.Determining the full name format
You determine how Bravura Security Fabric  displays the full name of a user in email and Bravura Security
Fabric  web pages by modifying the value of IDSYNCH FULL NAME FORMAT .
This field  consists of sub-strings, where each are enclose by % characters and can contain specific
start/end positions.
An end position  cannot be specified  without a start position.
Some sub-string examples include:
▪%FIRST_NAME% displays the fir s t name as entered when the user was created. ▪
▪%OTHER_NAME:1:2% displays the fir s t letter  of the other name as entered when the user was ▪
created.
▪%LAST_NAME:1:9% displays the fir s t 8 letter s  of the last name as entered when the user was created. ▪
▪%LAST_NAME:9% displays the last letter s  of the last name s t arting  at the 9th letter  as entered when ▪
the user was created.
The default is %FIRST_NAME% %OTHER_NAME% %LAST_NAME% which is the user’s fir s t name followed
by their other (middle) name and then their last name.  
See also: 
See Modifying w orkflo w  options  for sending mail  (on page 420) to learn how to customize settings  for
sending messages during authoriz ation  w orkflo w .Part VII Mobile AccessBravura One
Or g aniz ations  typically deploy Bravura Identity , Bravura Pass , or Bravura Privilege  on their private,
corporate network. Using their work PCs, users can access the web portal of any of these products either
through the physical corporate network (Ethernet or WiFi) or using a VPN.
Users may wish to access these same Bravura Security  products, which are not normally reachable from
the public Internet, using a personal device such as a smart phone or tablet. Phones and tablets are often
not connected to the corporate network, instead using a home or public WiFi hot spot or a cell phone
data plan. Accordingly, without a corporate VPN client deployed to the phone or tablet, the personal
device cannot access the Bravura Security product’s web user interface.
The Bravura One  app allows personal mobile devices to access the Bravura Security system deployed on
the corporate private network, from outside that network, over the Internet, in a secure way.
Connectivity  between the phone or tablet, attached  to the public Internet, and the on-premise Bravura
Security softw ar e,  is mediated by a secured reverse proxy server, deployed in the cloud.
The Bravura One  app requires activ ation.  It is only useful to users whose or g aniz ation  has deployed both a
Bravura Security softw ar e  product, with a version number of 9.0 or later, and where a cloud reverse proxy
has been activ a t ed  to enable mobile access to the on-premise IAM system.
Architecture
The Bravura One mobile proxy  server communicates with the Mobile Worker Service and allows the
Bravura One  app on mobile devices using a home or public WiFi hot spot or a cell phone data plan to
access Bravura Security Fabric  servers on a corporate and private network.
At minimum, a typical Bravura One  deployment consists of the following:
▪A Bravura Security Fabric  server running the Mobile Worker Service ( mobworker ). ▪
This service works in c onjunction  with the Bravura One mobile proxy  server to allow the Bravura One
app on mobile devices to access Bravura Security Fabric  servers.
▪A separate Bravura One mobile proxy  server running the Mobile Proxy Service ( mobproxy ). ▪
The Bravura One mobile proxy  server communicates with the Mobile Worker Service ( mobworker )
and allows the Bravura One  app on mobile devices using a home or public WiFi hot spot or a cell phone
data plan to access Bravura Security Fabric  servers on a corporate and private network.
▪ Optional : A separate Bravura One mobile proxy  server running the Mobile Proxy Service ( mobproxy ) ▪
may be c on figur ed  to send push notific ations  to mobile devices for users that have the Bravura One  app
registered on their devices.
Contact support@bravurasecurity.com  for assistance with the c onfiguration  and access of the Bravura
One mobile proxy push notific ation  server.
The architecture diagram below shows one of the solutions  for a Bravura One  deployment.
The requirements and layout of the Bravura One  solution  will vary depending on the needs of your
or g aniz ation  and network.Architecture
The mobile proxy, used to mediate c onnections  between Bravura One  on smart phones and Bravura
Security Fabric  servers which do not have a public URL, is c on figur ed  with Linux and Apache and the
following hardware capacity:
1.Small instance, minimum setup (for example, supporting  up to 5,000 users): Single core CPU, 1 GB 1.
RAM, 10GB HDD.
2.Large instance (for example, supporting  10,000 or more users): Quad core CPU, 4 GB RAM, 40GB HDD. 2.
At least two mobile proxies should be deployed and load balanced in all cases, for high availability.
Adding proxies also has the desirable side e ff ect  of increasing capacity.Setting  up and c on figuring  Bravura One
Task checklist
Use this checklist as a guide to ensure that you complete each step in enabling mobile access with
Bravura One :
1.Use setup to install Bravura Security Fabric . 1.
2. Con figur e  the Bravura Security Fabric  server. 2.
a.Add a least one Source of Pr ofile  target. a.
This will provide the user pr ofiles  available to register with Bravura One.
b. Con figur e  the self-service rules  (on page 1469). b.
This is to determine the access controls for which users are allowed to register mobile devices.
c. Con figur e  the global help desk rules  (on page 1470). c.
This is to determine the access controls for which help desk users are allowed to view and delete
mobile device r egis tr ations  on behalf of other users.
d. Con figur e  any additional  c on figur ation  options  for Bravura One  (on page 1471). d.
This includes skin cus t omiz ations  and adjusting  activ ation  timeout.
3.Install Apache and copy the binaries to the mobile proxy server using one of the following methods:3.
▪Install Apache and copy the mobile proxy RPMs on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (on page 1448) ▪
▪Install Apache and copy the mobile proxy DEBs on Debian GNU/Linux  (on page 1449) ▪
Ensure that the version of the Bravura One mobile proxy server matches the version that is shipped
with the Bravura Security Fabric server.
4.Install the mobile proxy server using the setup-mobproxy script  (on page 1451) 4.
During the ins t allation  you will be prompted to c on figur e  and enable the Mobile Worker Service in
Bravura Security Fabric , including adding the Bravura One mobile proxy  server url as well as the
authentic ation  key that is c on figur ed  on the proxy server. The script will not c ontinue  until  this has
been c on figur ed  and the Mobile Worker Service is restarted.
5.Install the Bravura One  app onto the mobile devices  (on page 1472). 5.
The Bravura One  app is available for both Android and iOS mobile devices.
Setting  up the mobile proxy server
This chapter describes how to set up the Bravura One mobile proxy  server running the Mobile Proxy
Service ( mobproxy ). The c on figur ation  in this document is based on:
▪Red Hat Enterprise Linux ins t allation  on CentOS 6.x x64 or 7.x x64 architecture. ▪
▪Debian GNU/Linux ins t allation  on the Debian 9.x AMD64 architecture. ▪
If support for another dis tribution  is required, please contact support@bravurasecurity.com .Additional  c on figur ation  may be needed depending on your dis tribution,  environment and requirements.
Contact support@bravurasecurity.com  for assistance with the ins t allation  and c on figur ation  of the
Bravura One mobile proxy  server.
Ensure that you keep a record of the following in f ormation  in a safe loc ation,  as it will be required when
c on figuring  Mobile Worker Service:
▪Bravura One mobile proxy  server authentic ation  encr yption  key. ▪
▪Host name or IP address of the Bravura One mobile proxy  server. ▪
▪Bravura One mobile proxy  push notific ation  server authentic ation  encr yption  key. ▪
▪Host name or IP address of the Bravura One mobile proxy  push notific ation  server. ▪
Install Apache and copy the mobile proxy RPMs on Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS
To set up a Bravura One mobile proxy  server on a Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) or CentOS ins t allation:
1.Log in to the Unix server with adminis tr ativ e  privileges and c on firm  the following: 1.
▪Shared memory has been enabled and /dev/shm exists.▪
▪The /tmp folder must exist on the RHEL/CentOS server.▪
▪The libc package has been installed.▪
▪The OpenSSL 1.1 package has been installed.▪
2.Install the web server.2.
The Bravura One mobile proxy  server requires a web server. Apache is the most commonly used Web
Server on Linux servers. To install Apache2:
At a terminal prompt enter the following command:
sudo yum install httpd
The server must use a pre-fork Multi-Proc essing  Module.
This command installs the default version of Apache for RHEL/CentOS, which may not be the latest
version of Apache.
The setup-mobproxy.sh  ins t allation  script will also check the dependencies for the web server
and will aut omatic ally  install any additional  required modules.
3.To eliminate any manual in t er v ention,  c on figur e  Apache2 to start on boot. That way, if the server is 3.
ever restarted, Apache2 will aut omatic ally  start again. The method to do this depends on the version
of the dis tribution.  Consult the dis tribution’ s  documen t ation.
4. Con firm  that mod_rewrite and mod_cgi are enabled. 4.
5.View the default Apache c on figur ation  file, / e t c/httpd/ c on f/httpd.c on f  and c on firm  that the following 5.
lines are uncommented and listed with other LoadModule entries:
LoadModule rewrite_module modules/mod_rewrite.so 
LoadModule cgi_module modules/mod_cgi.so
6.Enable and c on figur e  SSL for the default site. 6.Bravura Security  requires that you c on figur e  the site for HTTPS to secure c ommunic ations  between the
Bravura One mobile proxy  server and Bravura Security Fabric  server.
The following are useful links to get you started:
https://wiki.centos.org/HowTos/Https
https://mozilla.github.io/server-side-tls/ssl-config-generator/
An SSL certific a t e  from a trusted Certific a t e  Authority should be used.
See Con figuring  SSL (on page 1457)  for more in f ormation  on c on figuring  SSL for the Bravura One
mobile proxy  server.
7.Locate the idmunix  folder from the Bravura Security Fabric  server. By default, it is installed in the 7.
addon directory.
The Mobile Proxy Service is available for the following RHEL/CentOS dis tributions:
idmunix-rhel-el8.x64.tar.gz 
8.Copy the idmunix-rhel-el8.x64.tar.gz  file from the idmunix  directory to a scratch 8.
directory, such as /tmp/, on the Unix server.
9.Log into the Unix server with adminis tr ativ e  privileges, and extract the files from the idmunix 9.
archive.
For example for CentOS 7.x, at a terminal prompt enter the following commands:
cd /tmp 
tar -zxvf idmunix-rhel-el8.x64.tar.gz
10. Locate the following files: 10.
hid-common.rhel-el8.x64.rpm 
hid-idapi.rhel-el8.x64.rpm 
hid-mobproxy.rhel-el8.x64.rpm
11. With adminis tr ativ e  privileges, extract the files from the rpm archive. 11.
For example, at a terminal prompt enter the following commands for CentOS 7.x:
cd /tmp 
rpm -i hid-common.rhel-el8.x64.rpm 
rpm -i hid-idapi.rhel-el8.x64.rpm 
rpm -i hid-mobproxy.rhel-el8.x64.rpm
Install Apache and copy the mobile proxy DEBs on Debian GNU/Linux
To set up a Bravura One mobile proxy  server on a Debian GNU/Linux ins t allation:
1.Log in to the Unix server with adminis tr ativ e  privileges and c on firm  the following: 1.
▪Shared memory has been enabled and /dev/shm exists.▪
▪The /tmp folder must exist on the Debian server.▪
▪The libc package has been installed.▪
▪The OpenSSL 1.1 package has been installed.▪
2.Install the web server.2.The Bravura One mobile proxy  server requires a web server. Apache is the most commonly used Web
Server on Linux servers. To install Apache2:
At a terminal prompt enter the following command:
sudo apt-get install apache2 apache2-mpm-prefork
The setup-mobproxy.sh  ins t allation  script will also check the dependencies for the web server
and will aut omatic ally  install any additional  required modules.
3.To eliminate any manual in t er v ention,  c on figur e  Apache2 to start on boot. That way, if the server is 3.
ever restarted, Apache2 will aut omatic ally  start again. The method to do this depends on the version
of the dis tribution.  Consult the dis tribution’ s  documen t ation.
4.Enable the default site.4.
Run the following command at a terminal prompt to enable the default site:
sudo  a2ensite default
5.Enable mod_rewrite.5.
Run the following command at a terminal prompt to enable mod_rewrite.
sudo  a2enmod rewrite
6.Enable and c on figur e  SSL on the default site. 6.
Bravura Security  requires that you c on figur e  the site for HTTPS to secure c ommunic ations  between the
Bravura One mobile proxy  server and Bravura Security Fabric  server. The following are useful links to
get you started:
http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/ssl/ssl_howto.html
https://mozilla.github.io/server-side-tls/ssl-config-generator/
An SSL c ertific at e  from a trusted Certific at e  Authority must be used. A self-signed c ertific at e  may not
be used for the Bravura One mobile proxy server.
See Con figuring  SSL (on page 1457) for more in f ormation  on c on figuring  SSL for the Bravura One
mobile proxy  server.
7.Check to see if the mpm_prefork module is already installed. This may be v erified  with the following 7.
command:
sudo apache2ctl -M
Look for mpm_prefork_module in the list of enabled modules.
If necessary, at a terminal prompt enter the following command to disable mpm_event and enable
mpm_prefork.
a2dismod mpm_event 
a2enmod mpm_prefork
8.Locate the idmunix  folder from the Bravura Security Fabric  server. By default, it is installed in the 8.
addon directory.
Copy the idmunix-debian-9.x64.tar.gz  file from the idmunix  directory to a scratch
directory, such as /tmp/, on the Unix server.