Manual requests
Manual onboarding requests are w orkflo w  requests initia t ed  by people logging into Bravura Security
Fabric ’s portal and filling  out a request form with all the details necessary to create new accounts for
users.
In order to provide better  fle xibility  and control over the manual onboarding process, Bravura P attern
includes two scenarios dedicated to this use case. They are described in sections  below.
im_corp_manual_onboard_contractors
Purpose:
Implements a use case allowing requesters to submit onboarding requests for contractor type users via
the NEW-CONTRACTOR pr e-de fined  request.
Configur ation:
External data store ( extdb ) tables containing c on figur ation  relevant to this scenario:
▪ im_t ermination:  Dictates what happens with contractor users whose scheduled t ermination  date is ▪
approaching or has passed.
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules involving pr ofile  and request attribut es  c alculation  and v alidation,  so ▪
that contractor onboarding requests can be processed successfully by the w orkflo w  engine.
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds an authoriz ation  rule to require a member of the CONTRACT-HIRE- ▪
APPROVAL user class to approve contractor onboarding requests.
im_corp_manual_onboard_employees
Purpose:
Similar to the automated onboarding process, this scenario provides all the necessary c on figur ation  to
allow users to submit onboarding requests for new employees, using the NEW-EMPLOYEE pr e-de fined
request.
Configur ation:
This scenario relies on c on figur ation  data located in the following external data store ( extdb ) tables:
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds an authoriz ation  rule to require a member of the HR team to approve ▪
employee onboarding requests.
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules involving pr ofile  and request attribut es  c alculation  and v alidation,  so ▪
that employee onboarding requests can be processed successfully by the w orkflo w  engine.
Supporting  scenarios
Bravura P attern  includes a number of components which provide shared functionality  for other
scenarios. We call these "supporting"  or "library" components.When the onboarding scenarios described above are installed, the supporting  scenarios described below
are also installed as dependencies.
im_corp_onboard
Purpose:
This scenario provides c on figur ation  data, library methods and scripted logic required by other scenarios
which provide onboarding related functionality .  The scenario will be aut omatic ally  installed as a
dependency along with other onboarding scenarios; it should never be installed on its own.
hid_fir s t_login
Purpose:
This scenario provides all the c on figur ation  necessary to deploy a "fir s t  login" experience for newly
onboarded users – or users accessing the system for the fir s t time.  As its pr e fix  suggests, this component
can be installed in both Bravura Pass  and Bravura Identity  instances. Depending on the type of
in f ormation  available, the scenario allows new users to authentic a t e  into the product’s portal by using
some alternate authentic ation  factors such as PII in f ormation  or a PIN sent to their email address or their
cell phone via SMS. Once authentic a t ed,  they have the option  to register security questions,  their mobile
device and set an initial  password on their accounts. The hid_fir s t_login  scenario is often  installed
alongside other onboarding scenarios in order to streamline the user onboarding experience and reduce
the amount of manual work required for post-onboarding tasks.
Configur ation:
When installed, this scenario adds a number of new authentic ation  chains to the product instance.
External data store ( extdb ) tables containing c on figur ation  relevant to this scenario:
▪hid_authchain_select: Adds authentic ation  chains rules to allow users logging in for the fir s t time  to ▪
authentic a t e  using an alternate factor, such values of their PII attribut es  or a PIN sent to their mailbox
or mobile device via SMS. Where PII attribut es  are used, they are collected during onboarding and
then discarded once the user has used them during authentic ation.
im_corp_passgen
Purpose:
A supporting  (dependency) scenario for other onboarding scenarios, it implements a password
g ener ation  plugin for new accounts using the default password policy c on figur ed  for the instance.
Without this, requesters would be prompted to enter an initial  password for new accounts and
automated onboarding requests would fail.
hid_pr ofileid
Purpose:Another scenario typically installed alongside other onboarding scenarios, it generates an attribut e  called
PROFILEID when attribut e  v alidation  is run as part of onboarding requests. This attribut e  can then be
referenced to reliably determine the pr ofile  ID for a user, even if their pr ofile  has not yet been created
during onboarding requests.
Configur ation:
External data store ( extdb ) tables containing c on figur ation  relevant to this scenario:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation:  under the PDR setting ,  add or edit the comma-separated list of the IDs of ▪
the PDRs for which this Scenario has to work
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules for the setting  the PROFILEID attribut e  based on the FIRST_NAME, ▪
LAST_NAME and OTHER_NAME pr ofile  attribut es.
Attribut e  flo w
Attribut e  flo w  is an aut omation  feature which allows administrators to leverage Bravura Identity  for
pr opag ating  account attribut e  changes originating  on a monitored upstream SoR to multiple  destination
(or downstream) target systems; for example a phone number update for a user in a HR database can be
propagated to their Activ e  Directory and LDAP accounts aut omatic ally ,  without any human in t er v ention.
im_c orp_aut oma t ed_attribut e_flo w
Purpose:
Implements an automated process for updating  account attribut es  on connected target systems based on
changes detected on a monitored system of record (SoR).
Configur ation:
External data store (extdb) tables containing c on figur ation  relevant to this scenario:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation:  Adds ATTRIBUTE_* and UPDATE_ATTRS settings  under the AUTOMATION ▪
namespace, to de fine  parameters such as the target ID for the SoR or the pr e-de fined  request to be
used for automated attribut e  update requests.
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds an authoriz ation  rule to allow idtrack (aut omation)  requests to be ▪
auto-approved so they can be fulfilled  immediately, without any manual in t er v ention.
Rehire users
Bravura Identity  has components that set default rules and thresholds for comparing identity  attribut es
in requests to onboard new users with attribut es  of e xisting  users, in order to compute a likelihood that
the proposed new hire is, in fact, a returning user with an e xisting  pr ofile.  Threshold values set by this
component determine whether a given score merits a warning to the requester or should block an
onboarding request, due to the high certainty that it is a returnee.
Use caseOr g aniz ations  need to diff er entia t e  between new employees and employees that are being rehired.
Employees that are being rehired should go through a diff er en t  process that could enable their previous
resources or, in certain circumstances some employees maybe flag g ed  to not rehire.
Solution
Bravura Identity  is c on figur ed  to retain identity  in f ormation  for all users, even after  deactiv ation.  This
means that user pr ofiles  are not deleted, but instead, deactiv a t ed.  Identity  attribut es  normally include
name, date of birth and identifier s  such as a driver’s license number or social security number. Moreover,
when a user is deactiv a t ed,  three t ermination-r ela t ed  attribut es  are populated: t ermination  date, reason
for deactiv ation  and whether rehiring this user is allowed.
When processing onboarding requests, regardless of whether they originate in a system of record (such
as HR) or a request form, Bravura Identity  applies rules to score how closely the new identity  matches
any identities  already known to the system. These rules work by matching diff er en t  sets of attribut es  –
for example, fir s t name plus last name plus date of birth. How closely the new user matches an e xisting
pr ofile  is used to compute a c on fidence  score. If the c on fidence  score is above one threshold, a warning
is generated that the new hire may not actually be new. If the c on fidence  score is above another, higher
threshold, then the request is blocked, because there is sufficien t  certainty that the new user is, in fact, a
returning old user.
When an onboarding request using a request form, closely matches an e xisting  pr ofile  , the following
actions  can occur:
▪Users of Bravura Identity  are either instructed to terminate the process, as the old user was flag g ed  as ▪
do-not-rehire
▪Users are instructed to r eactiv a t e  the old user pr ofile. ▪
▪When an onboarding request closely matches an e xisting  pr ofile  from a Source of Records, the ▪
following actions  can occur:
▪The request is blocked with rehire not permitted. ▪
▪The request is permitted  and a subsequent request is submitted  for someone to review the pot ential ▪
c on flict.
In no case should a new user pr ofile  be created for a returning old user.
im_corp_detect_automated_rehire and im_corp_detect_rehire
Purpose:
These scenario components enable the product to detect whether a newly onboarded user is in fact a
returning user with an e xisting  pr ofile.  This is done by comparing identity  attribut es  in onboarding
requests with attribut es  of e xisting  users and determining the likelihood that the new user already has a
pr ofile  in the system. In case of manual requests, the requester will get a warning on the request page
when a pot ential  rehire is detected. Automated requests encountering a pot ential  rehire will be routed to
a human implementer for fulfillmen t.  The automated rehire de t ection  component
(im_corp_detect_automated_rehire) depends on im_corp_detect_rehire; the reverse is not true.Configur ation:
Both of these scenarios rely on c on figur ation  data located in the following external data store ( extdb )
tables:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation:  Adds c on figur ation  parameters for these scenarios under the ▪
"im_policy_detect_rehire" namespace to control things like de t ection  threshold values, PDRs in scope
for this feature or the attribut e  which flags  whether the user is even allowed to be rehired.
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds an authoriz ation  rule to allow idtrack (aut omation)  requests to be ▪
auto-approved so they can be fulfilled  immediately, without requiring additional  authoriz ation.
▪im_policy_implementers, hid_policy_request_chain: Only relevant for automated requests, these▪
tables contain rules for r outing  and assigning human implementers to onboarding requests when the
system detects a pot ential  rehire.
▪im_policy_detect_rehire: Contains the list of attribut es  to be used for rehire de t ection  along with their ▪
individual scores used to compute the recipient’s "rehire likelihood" score.
Example: User flag g ed  as a rehire
This example uses the Scenario.im_corp_detect_rehire scenario component that utiliz es  request forms in
the way of PDRs. In this case, a user will be terminated urgently, setting  the REHIRE-ALLOWED flag to
false. The attemp t  to rehire will be prevented.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Identity  and Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target is c on figur ed  and is a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪A HR target is c on figur ed  as a Source of Records. ▪
Configur e  the scenario
1.Log in to Bravura Identity  as a superuser. 1.
2.Install the scenario.im_corp_detect_rehire scenario.2.
This scenario component sets default rules and thresholds for comparing identity  attribut es  in
requests to onboard new users with attribut es  of e xisting  users, in order to compute a likelihood that
the proposed new hire is, in fact, a returning user with an e xisting  pr ofile.
3.Navigate to the Manage external data store  to verify the following tables are available. The tables are 3.
pr e-c on figur ed,  however, may require some cus t omiz ation  for your environment:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation  to c on figur e  rehire parameters. ▪
▪im_policy_detect_rehire to set rehire de t ection  criteria. ▪
4.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests . 4.
5.Customize PDRs as needed.5.
The following PDRs have been pr e-c on figur ed  for the t ermination  scenario. You may want customize
to your needs; for example, edit the access control or change the oper ations.▪REHIRE Used to enable user accounts after  they have been terminated. This pr e-de fined  request is ▪
valid if the user is allowed to be rehired.
▪RESTORE-TERMINATED-USER  Used to restore a user that was terminated. ▪
Complete an urgent t ermination  (on page 2477) of a user using the URGENT-TERM PDR. The REHIRE-
ALLOWED flag is is aut omatic ally  set to false.
Attemp t  a rehire
1.Log in to Bravura Identity  as a user. 1.
2.Click Create a new user pr ofile . 2.
3.Select the Hire a contractor  PDR. 3.
4.Fill out the new user’s in f ormation  with duplicate in f ormation  that matches the terminated user. 4.
5. Attemp t  to submit the request. 5.
An error should appear s t ating  that a rehire of an e xisting  user is attemp t ed  and will be prevented.
Example: User flag g ed  as a rehire on a SoR
This example uses the Scenario.im_corp_detect_automated_rehire scenario. In this use case a user is
flag g ed  as a rehire from a Source of Records.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Identity  and Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target is c on figur ed  and is a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪A HR target is c on figur ed  as a Source of Records. ▪
Configur e  the scenario
1.Log in to Bravura Identity  as superuser. 1.
2.Install the Scenario.im_corp_detect_automated_rehire scenario.2.
This scenario component will detect rehires being submitted  from the source of records and submit
follow up requests for an implementer to review the new user being onboarded.
3.Click Manage external data store  to verify the following tables are available. The tables are pr e- 3.
c on figur ed,  however, may require some cus t omiz ation  for your environment:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation  to c on figur e  rehire parameters. ▪
▪hid_policy_request_chain to submit a request to review new the hire.▪
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation  to set authoriz ation  on the require de t ection  request. ▪
▪im_policy_detect_rehire to set rehire de t ection  criteria. ▪
▪im_policy_implementers to set implementers to review the pot ential  rehire. ▪
4.Customize PDRs as needed.4.The following PDRs have been pr e-c on figur ed  for the t ermination  scenario. You may want customize
to your needs; for example, edit the access control or change the oper ations.
▪REHIRE  Used to enable user accounts after  they have been terminated. This pr e-de fined  request is ▪
valid if the user is allowed to be rehired.
▪NEW-EMPLOYEE▪
5.Complete a scheduled t ermination  (on page 2477) of a user. 5.
Attemp t  a rehire
1.Add an account in Source of Records (SoR) target.1.
2.Execute auto discovery.2.
A request is submitted  and a child request is submitted  for review.
3.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a request implementer. 3.
HR systems are usually set as read only targets and require an implementer to complete tasks as
opposed to a connector aut omatic ally  c ompleting  the task.
4.Verify that there are pending requests open to implement.4.
Transfers
Users sometimes  change department, loc ation,  or manager. This data may come from an SoR or be
entered manually in Bravura Security Fabric . Transfers may require authoriz ation  and typically require
changes to pr ofile  and account attribut es,  as well as management of change requests that a user was
associated with before they were transferred. Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to aut omatic ally
manage these requirements.
Aut omation
im_corp_automated_transfer
Purpose:
This scenario implements an automated transfer process for e xisting  users based on changes to the
loc ation,  department or manager attribut es  detected on a monitored system of record (SoR).
Configur ation:
This scenario relies on c on figur ation  data located in the following external data store ( extdb ) tables:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation:  Adds TRANSFER_* settings  under the AUTOMATION namespace, to de fine ▪
parameters such as the target ID for the SoR or the pr e-de fined  request to be used for automated
transfer requests.
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds an authoriz ation  rule to allow idtrack (aut omation)  requests to be ▪
auto-approved.
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules for handling pr ofile  attribut es  such as the EMPLOYEE_TYPE and OU, ▪
which may have to be updated as part of the transfer.Manual requests
im_corp_manual_transfer
Purpose:
This scenario allows members of the HR team or managers to request the transfer of e xisting  users to
another loc ation,  department or manager.
Configur ation:
This scenario relies on c on figur ation  data located in the following external data store ( extdb ) tables:
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds authoriz ation  rules for transfer requests so that they require approval ▪
from members of the HR team, or auto-approve these types of requests if the requester is a member
of the HR team.
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules for handling pr ofile  attribut es  such as the     EMPLOYEE_TYPE and OU, ▪
which may have to be updated as part of the transfer.
Renames
From time  to time,  users will change their names, commonly due to changes in marital status. At a
minimum, a user’s new name should be r e flect ed  on any systems where the user’s name appears.
If the user’s name was used to construct the user’s login ID or email address, a number of additional
changes may have to be made if the login ID changes as a result of this name change.
Change requests that include the user must also be updated so that they can still participa t e.  For this
reason, it is preferable to assign login IDs that are not based on user names, or at least not based on
surnames.
Aut omation
im_corp_automated_rename
Purpose:
This scenario implements an automated rename process for e xisting  users based on changes to name
attribut es  detected on a monitored system of record (SoR).
Configur ation:
This scenario relies on c on figur ation  data located in the following external data store ( extdb ) tables:
▪ hid_global_c on figur ation:  Adds RENAME_* settings  under the AUTOMATION namespace, to de fine ▪
parameters such as the target ID for the SoR, the attribut es  whose change should trigger the rename
process or the pr e-de fined  request to be used for automated rename requests.
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds an authoriz ation  rule to allow idtrack (aut omation)  requests to be ▪
auto-approved.▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules for handling pr ofile  attribut es  such as PROFILEID or EMAIL, which ▪
may have to be updated as part of rename requests.
Example: User name changes originating  in the System of Record
This example shows you how to rename a user by changing his or her name on the System of Record
(SoR).
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪You have installed Bravura Workforce P attern  or Scenario im_corp_automated_rename ▪
▪You have c on figur ed  an SoR target system identified  by HRAPP . ▪
Change name on the system of record (SoR)
Change the First name, Middle name, or Last name of a user on the HRAPP target system.
Run auto discovery
Run auto discovery to load changes on the target system into the product database:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser. 1.
2.Navigate to Manage the system > Maintenance > Auto discovery > Execute auto discovery . 2.
3.Click Continue . 3.
4.Wait until  auto discovery completes. 4.
Approve name change request
To approve the name change request:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as one of the authorizers of the NAME-CHANGE  pr e-de fined  request. 1.
2.From the main menu, click Requests.2.
The Requests app opens.
3.From the Results panel , select the request with the description  "Change of name" and requester 3.
"Shipped user of the API".
4.Bravura Security Fabric  displays the details in the Actions  panel  on the right. 4.
5.Review the request.5.
6.Click Approve  and c on firm  the approval by clicking the Approve  button  below the notes field. 6.
Manual requests
im_corp_manual_rename
Purpose:This scenario allows individual users to initia t e  a request to change their name.
Configur ation:
This scenario relies on c on figur ation  data located in the following external data store ( extdb ) tables:
▪ im_policy_authoriz ation:  Adds authoriz ation  rules for rename requests so that they require approval ▪
from a member of the HR team.
▪ hid_policy_attr v al_*:  Adds rules for handling pr ofile  attribut es  such as PROFILEID or EMAIL, which ▪
may have to be updated as part of rename requests.
Example: Submit a change of name request as an end user
This example shows you how to rename a user using a pr e-de fined  request NAME-CHANGE.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪You have installed Bravura Workforce P attern  or Scenario im_corp_manual_rename so the pr e-de fined ▪
request (PDR) NAME-CHANGE  has been added.
▪You have updated the im_policy_authoriz ation  rule for the PDR NAME-CHANGE . ▪
Submit name change request
To submit a name change request:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as an end user. 1.
2.Click View and update pr ofile  from the My profile  menu. 2.
3.Click Change of name . 3.
4.Enter a new Last name . 4.
5.Click Submit . 5.
Approve the name change request
To approve the request:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as one of the authorizers of the request. 1.
By default, the authorizers are selected by the authoriz ation  plugin from members of the HR
department. You can update the im_policy_authoriz ation  rule for the NAME-CHANGE PDR to assign
authorizers.
2.From the main menu, click Requests . The Requests app opens. 2.
3.From the Results panel  select the request you want to review. 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the details in the Actions  panel  on the right.
4.Review the request.4.
5.Click Approve  and c on firm  the approval by clicking the Approve  button  below the notes field. 5.