The service is aut omatic ally  installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric  server during setup. You
can modify the following parameters related to this service on the Service in f ormation  page:
idwfm service options
Option Description
Process sending of emails with N
concurrent threadsThe maximum number of emails that the W orkflo w
Manager Service can process at one time.  The default is
25. The maximum value that can be specified  for N is 64.
Process changing batch status with N
concurrent threadsThe maximum number of user-input events (for example,
approvals, denials) that the W orkflo w  Manager Service
can process simultaneously. The queue for processing
events is e ff ectiv ely  in finit e.  The default is 10.
Timeout for c onnection  in seconds The timeout  to use for c onnections.  The default is 600
seconds.
Port number this service is running
onSpecifies  the port or the shared memory ID to listen on.
The default is 2240.
Command-line options  for idwfm are listed below:
idwfm command-line options
Argument Description
-h Displays usage in f ormation.
-v Displays version number only.
-clearqueue Clears the queue. The service must be manually stopped before using this option.
WARNING!: This oper ation  removes all records of outstanding requests.
-c on fig Displays service c on figur ation  in f ormation.
-server Run the service in server mode.Argument Description
-start Starts the service.
-stop Stops the server/service
T r ansaction  Monitor Service (idtm)
The T r ansaction  Monitor Service ( idtm ) runs agent programs on behalf of the W orkflo w  Manager
Service ( idwfm ) or client programs such as iddriver . If an agent oper ation  fails, idtm can retry the
oper ation  at specified  intervals.
Depending on how target systems are c on figur ed,  the idtm  runs agents directly or through the Proxy
Service ( psproxy ),
The T r ansaction  Monitor Service is dependent on the Database Service  (on page 2844). If you restart the
database service, you must restart the T r ansaction  Monitor Service.
IDTM FAILURE EMAIL NOTIFICATION INTERVAL added in Bravura Security Fabric 12.6
Configur ation
The service is aut omatic ally  installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric  server during setup.You
can modify the following parameters related to this service on the Service in f ormation  page:
idtm service options
Option Description
Required parameters:
Maximum number of concurrent
threads the service should runProcess queued requests with this many concurrent threads. It is
reasonable to increase this number on larger Bravura Security Fabric
servers. The default is 8.
Timeout for c onnection  in seconds The timeout  to use for c onnections.  The default is 60 seconds.
Port number this service is running
onDefault is port 2234.
Comma-delimited list of intervals, in
minutes, to wait before retrying
failed requestsIf a queued request fails, the T r ansaction  Monitor Service waits the
specified  time  before retrying. For example, 5,5,10,10,20,20 means that
T r ansaction  Monitor Service will retry in intervals of 5, 10, then 20
minutes until  the failed target system becomes available.
To specify no retries, enter a value of 0. To restore the default intervals,
clear this field  of all values then click UpdateOption Description
Optional  parameters:
Plugin to determine if an action
should still be run (IDTM ACTION
STILL APPLICABLE PLUGIN )You can use a plugin to c on figur e  the behavior before an oper ation  is
executed. The plugin accepts in f ormation  about requested actions,  and
returns a ’true’ if the oper ation  will be run, or a ’false’ if the oper ation
will not be run.
The maximum number of
oper ations  to do in a single agent
in v oc ation  (IDTM AGENT SINGLE
RUN OPERATION MAXIMUM )Set the value, if needed to allow agents to handle large requests. The
default is 100.
Plugin to modify a batch of
connector oper ations  (IDTM BATCH
OPREP PLUGIN)You can use a plugin to rewrite requested oper ations  on target systems.
The plugin accepts in f ormation  about requested actions,  and maps them
to 0 or more sub-actions  on specified  target systems. For example, a
single update oper ation  can be translated into an update and rename
oper ation  on a target system.
See R e writing  target system oper ations  (on page 532) for in f ormation  on
writing  a custom plugin.
The interval (in days) to email about
IDTM oper ation  failure after  the
fir s t try fails (IDTM FAILURE EMAIL
NOTIFICATION INTERVAL)Set the interval to send out notific ations  to diff er en t  parties  of the
request (authorizer, requester, recipient) after  the fir s t attemp t  of an
IDTM oper ation  fails. The default is one day.
Plugin to determine whether and
when to retry failed requests (IDTM
RETRY PLUGIN)You can use a plugin to c on figur e  the behavior when an oper ation  fails.
The plugin accepts in f ormation  about requested actions,  including the
number of retries already done so far.
The following table lists T r ansaction  Monitor service events  (on page 1524) that can trigger email or
updates on tick e t  systems.
T r ansaction  Monitor Service events that launch interfaceprograms
Option Description
IDTM GROUP FAILURE One or more actions  in a w orkflo w  request fails.
IDTM GROUP SUCCESS All actions  in a w orkflo w  request succeed.Option Description
IDTM SINGLE FAILURE An action  fails on a target system.
IDTM SINGLE SUCCESS An action  succeeds on a target system.
 Command-line options  for idtm are listed below:
idtm service command-line options
Argument Description
-h Displays usage in f ormation.
-v Displays version number only.
-clearqueue Clears the queue. The service must be manually stopped before using this option.
WARNING!: This oper ation  removes all records of outstanding requests.
-c on fig Displays service c on figur ation  in f ormation.
-server Run the service in server mode.
-start Starts the service.
-stop Stops the server/service
Exposing role entitlemen t  attribut es  to target systems
When a request is approved for some oper ation  on a target system, the T r ansaction  Monitor Service
passes a reqacctitemsig attribut e  value to the agent. The value comes from the request itemid,
which allows the target system to use the API to get role entitlemen t  in f ormation  from the Bravura
Security Fabric database.
It is rare that target systems themselves store the entitlemen t  attribut es.  This feature allows for support
of proprietary systems that do store this in f ormation  to get access to the in f ormation  and have the
Bravura Security Fabric store and set this in f ormation.
See also: 
Automated User Adminis tr ation  (on page 2424) for an overview of how the T r ansaction  Monitor Service
works with the W orkflo w  Manager Service and idtrack  to propagate tracked changes.
Database Service (iddb)
The Database Service (iddb) is responsible for c onnecting  Bravura Security Fabric to its backend database.
If Database Service fails or if you restart it, you must manually restart dependent services. See Stopping
and s t arting  the Database Service  (on page 2845) for details.  
Configur ationThe service is aut omatic ally  installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric  server during setup.
The Database Service uses a c on figur ation  file, iddb.cfg , located in the service directory. This file is
aut omatic ally  generated when you install Bravura Security Fabric . It usually does not need to be edited;
however you can edit the file for more advanced c on figur ation.  Contact support  for assistance.
Note: You cannot modify parameters for the Database Service from the Manage
the system (PSA) module.
Command-line options  for iddb are listed below:
iddb service command-line options
Argument Description
-h Displays usage in f ormation.
-v Displays version number only.
-cfg <cf gfile> The path to the iddb.cfg c on figur ation  file. The default is  \<instance>\service\
-c on fig Displays service c on figur ation  in f ormation.
-server Run the service in server mode.
-start Starts the service.
-stop Stops the server/service
See also: 
See the R eplic ation  and Recovery Guide  for in f ormation  about recovering from network failure, and steps
to troubleshoot problems arising from unsynchronized data.
Stopping and s t arting  the Database Service
Unlike other Bravura Security Fabric services, you cannot stop, start, or otherwise manage the Database
Service using the Manage the system  (PSA) module. You must use the Windows Services snap-in, or the
Windows net command.
Note: The Windows Services snap-in’s "Restart" oper ation  can aut omatic ally
restart dependent services. By default, services are started aut omatic ally
when the system starts.
Stopping
To stop the Database Service using the Windows net command:
1.Log into the Windows server that is hosting  Bravura Security Fabric as a member of the Administrators 1.
group.
2.Open a command prompt and type:2.
net stop iddb_<instance>
where <instance> is the name of the Bravura Security Fabric instance.3.If the net command displays a list of dependent services:3.
a.Note which services will be stopped. You will be required to restart them later.a.
b.Type Y, then press [Enter]  to c ontinue. b.
The Windows net command displays a success message after  the Database Service is stopped. This
process may take several minutes.
St arting
To start the Database Service using the Windows net command:
1.Log into the Windows server that is hosting  Bravura Security Fabric as a member of the Administrators 1.
group.
2.Open a command prompt and type:2.
net start iddb_<instance>
where <instance> is the name of the Bravura Security Fabric instance.
The Windows net command displays a success message after  the Database Service is started. This
process may take several minutes.
You must also start any services that were stopped as a result of stopping the Database Service. To do this
using the above net command, simply replace iddb with the appropriate executable name:
Service name Executable name
T r ansaction  Monitor Service idtm
W orkflo w  Manager Service idwfm
Scheduler Service psscheduler
API Service idapi
Privileged Access Manager Service idarch
For example:
net start idtm_default
net start idwfm_default
net start psscheduler_default
API Service (idapi)
The API Service (idapi) enables client programs to access Bravura Security Fabric w orkflo w  and
provisioning features pr ogr ammatic ally .  Client programs communicate with the service using:
▪SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol)▪Some or g aniz ations  use the SOAP API to build their own customized front-end to Bravura Security
Fabric .
▪PSLang functions ▪
Bravura Security Fabric  plugins can use PSLang to retrieve additional  in f ormation  about users,
resources, and requests from the API Service.
Refer to the Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf ) to learn about the Bravura Security Fabric  API,
and how to install and use the SOAP API. Refer to the PSLang Manual ( pslang.pdf ) for more in f ormation
about PSLang .
The API Service is dependent on the Database Service  (on page 2844). If you restart the database service,
you must restart the API Service.
Configur ation
The service is aut omatic ally  installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric  server during setup.
You can modify the following parameters related to the API Service on the Service in f ormation  page:
idapi service options
Option Description
Timeout for c onnection  in
secondsThe timeout  to use for c onnections.  The default is 60
seconds.
Command-line options  for idapi are listed below:
idapi service command-line options
Argument Description
-h Displays usage in f ormation.
-v Displays version number only.
-c on fig Displays service c on figur ation  in f ormation.
-server Run the service in server mode.
-start Starts the service.
-stop Stops the server/service
API SOAP Service (idapisoap)
The API SOAP Service ( idapisoap ) provides access to the Bravura Security Fabric  API Service ( idapi )
with the WWS web service API. It is installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric  server during
setup.
Some or g aniz ations  use the SOAP API to build their own customized front-end to Bravura Security Fabric .Refer to the Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf ) for detailed reference in f ormation.
The API SOAP Service ( idapisoap ) requires:
▪Windows Server 2012, or▪
Windows Server 2012 R2
▪ Micr osoft  .NET Framework 4.5+ ▪
The API SOAP Service is dependent on the API Service ( idapi ). The PSLang API, IIS.NET API, and WWS
API call into this service.
Configur ation
The service is aut omatic ally  installed and started on the Bravura Security Fabric  server during setup.
You can modify the following parameters related to the API SOAP Service on the Service in f ormation
page:
idapisoap service options
Option Description
Endpoints for the IDAPI SOAP nativ e
serviceThe URL that the API SOAP Service will listen in on.
An optional  port can be appended to the host and
preceded by a colon. Multiple  endpoints can be
de fined  in a comma separated list. To secure the
endpoint, c on figur e  it to listen on http s.
Use system setting: Will be set to the following:
http://<IP>/default/idapi,http://
localhost/default/idapi, http://
<IP-fqdn>/default/idapi
The "server" URL fragment must be the IP , hostname or FQDN (fully qualified  domain name) of the server.
If the c onnection  is secured with TLS (http s  protocol), only an FQDN listed in the TLS server c ertific at e  used
on the IIS server will allow a secure remote c onnection.
Command-line options  for idapisoap are listed below:
idapisoap service command-line options
Argument Description
-h Displays usage in f ormation.
-v Displays version number only.
-binding <binding> Specify the binding type:
– basicHttpBinding
– w sHttpBinding  (default)
-endpoint <endpoint> The endpoint that this SOAP service listens on-mextype <mextype> The metadata exchange method:
– None
– Me xHttpGe t
– Mex (only for w sHttpbinding)
– HttpGe t  (default). The default is suited for most applic ations.
-c on fig Displays service c on figur ation  in f ormation.
-server Run the service in server mode.
-start Starts the service.
-stop Stops the server/service
To c on figur e  wsbinding and mex, set the service like this:
idapisoap -binding 1 -mextype 2
where the API service class can be generated from <endpoint>; for example, http://<IP  or fqdn>/hiim/
idapi.
To c on figur e  httpbinding  and HttpGe t,  set the service like this:
idapisoap -binding 0 -mextype 4
where the API service class can be generated from the WSDL <endpoint>/wsdl; for example,
http://<IP  or fqdn>/hiim/idapi/wsdl
Changing the SOAP c onnection  type by using the "binding" and "mextype" arguments is only required if
the remote SOAP tooling used requires it. Do not change the default c onnection  type if t esting  the
c ollection  of the WSDL using a browser, otherwise you will receive a generic server error (HTTP 500)
instead of the WSDL.
Metadata exchange
The API SOAP Service has a couple of methods of exchanging metadata. When using the default httpg e t,
the metadata exchange URL is:
service_endpoint/wsdl
For example:
http s://<IP  or fqdn>/INST/idapi/wsdl
If the API SOAP Service uses Me xHttpGe t,  the URL is:
http s://<IP  or fqdn>/INST/idapi/metadata/wsdl
If the API SOAP Service uses w sHttpBinding ,  then Mex metadata exchange can be used, and the
metadata exchange URL is same as service endpoint.
Changes to the service are not e ff ectiv e  until  the service is restarted.Binding
If the end point is secured with SSL (http s),  then the binding for IIS is used to map the certific a t e  to the
secure endpoint.
Example: Con figur e  the API SOAP service for external API access
This example demonstrates how to create a product administrator with the IDAPI caller privilege and
c on figur e  the Bravura Security  API SOAP service for external API access. This setup allows a third-party
applic ation  to communicate with Bravura Security Fabric .
With this c on figur ation,  a third party applic ation  can be c on figur ed  to use the administrator account and
the c on figur ed  API SOAP service to communicate with Bravura Security Fabric .
For example, a tick e t  is raised in ServiceNow for a new employee. ServiceNow communicates with
Bravura Security Fabric  to submit a request for an account cr eation  in Bravura Security Fabric .
Create an user with the IDAPI caller privilege
To create the user:
1.Log in to your instance as a superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security > Access to product features > Individual administrators. 2.
3.Click Add new… 3.
4.Fill in the relevant in f ormation. 4.