In the event that multiple  users share the same pr ofile  attribut e  value, Bravura Security Fabric  will
prompt the user to select their user pr ofile  from a list.
R edir ecting  users on logout
The Bravura Security Fabric  front-end includes a plugin architecture. You can use a plugin de fined  by the
LOGOUT REDIRECT PLUGIN setting  to redirect users on log out from Bravura Security Fabric . This is useful
if you want to pass parameters that are used for users’ subsequent login to Bravura Security Fabric .
To c on figur e  the logout r edir ection  plugin to run every time  a user logs out:
1.Click Manage the system  > Policies  > Login options . 1.
2.Type the name of the plugin in LOGOUT REDIRECT PLUGIN . 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
The logouturl.psl  sample script, found in the samples directory, provides a simple demons tr ation
of a logout r edir ection  plugin. After  logging out, the plugin passes the user’s ID. Depending on whether
the user is a superuser or not, the next login will take the user to the PSA or PSF module.
See details for writing  a custom redirect plugin
Requirements
This plugin is run on the Bravura Security Fabric  server. See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Ex ecution  points
When c on figur ed,  the plugin is run when a user attemp ts  to log out from any Bravura Security Fabric
module.
Input
The input includes:
▪The address of the instance▪
▪The name of the CGI module from which the user logs out▪
▪Encoded error message which causes the logout▪
▪The current session id of the user▪
▪The pr ofile  ID of the end user who is logging out ▪
The input is passed as plain text, in KVGroup format.
For example, if the log out was done by superuser from the following URL:
http s://mer cur y/de f ault/manag e_the_s y s t em
the plugin would receive input in the format:
"" "" = {
  "address" = "https://mercury/default"
  "module" = "psa"  "sessionid" = "S6542aa5d-ab83-422a-bda4-870a5376dd15"
  "userid" = "superuser"
}
Output
The output includes:
▪The address to which a user will be redirected▪
▪Parameters to be appended to end of the redirect address. For instance, this may be the <userID>▪
parameter.
For example, if the log out was done by superuser from the following URL:
https://mercury/default/manage_the_system
the following would be an expected output from a log out redirection
plugin:
"" "" = {
  "redirect_url" = "https://mercury/default/cgi/psa.exe"
  "parameters" "" = {
    "USERID" = "superuser"
  }
  "retval" = "0"
}
The input address and output address must have identic al  base addresses. The plugin cannot be used to
redirect between a URL containing a DNS name and a URL containing an IP address even if they are
equivalent, since most browsers prevent this as a security measure.
.
Login events (exit traps)
The following identific ation  and authentic ation  events apply to all modules and can be accessed from the
Con figur e  event  (ITSM) module or Manage the system  > Policies  > Login options :
Option Description
USER IDENTIFY SUCCESS A user is successfully identified  by Bravura Security Fabric .
USER IDENTIFY FAILURE A user could not be identified  by Bravura Security Fabric .
FEDIDP IDENTIFY SUCCESS A federated login attemp t  had its SAML request successfully parsed by
Bravura Security Fabric .
FEDIDP IDENTIFY FAILURE A federated login attemp t  SAML request could not be parsed by Bravura
Security Fabric .
AUTH MODULE FAILURE A user fails authentic ation  for a module c on figur ed  as part of an
authentic ation  chain.Option Description
AUTH CHAIN SUCCESS An authentic ation  chain step successfully authentic a t es  a user.
AUTH CHAIN FAILURE A user fails an authentic ation  chain step.
USER LOGIN CHANGED The user was successfully changed to another pr ofile  via an authentic ation
chain.
IDAPI LOGIN FAILURE A script fails to authentic a t e  via API Service (idapi).
IDAPI LOGIN SUCCESS A script successfully authentic a t es  via API Service.
USER LOGIN SUCCESS A user is successfully authentic a t ed  by Bravura Security Fabric .
USER LOGIN FAILURE A user fails authentic ation.
USER LOGIN LOCKOUT Too many invalid login attemp ts  to the end module causes the account to be
locked out.
FEDIDP AUTH SUCCESS A user attempting  federated login was successfully authentic a t ed,  and the
outgoing SAML assertion  was successfully signed and issued.
FEDIDP AUTH FAILURE A user attempting  federated login was successfully authentic a t ed,  but the
outgoing SAML assertion  could not be signed and issued.
FEDIDP SSO SESSION CREATE A single sign-on session was successfully initia t ed  as part of a federated login.
FEDIDP SSO SESSION DESTROY A single sign-on session was successfully terminated.
FEDSP SAMLAUTH ISSUED A SAML authentic ation  request has been submitted  by Bravura Security Fabric
to an external identity  provider.
FEDSP SAMLAUTH ASR SUCCESS A SAML assertion  from a trusted identity  provider was successfully received
and parsed.
FEDSP SAMLAUTH ASR FAILURE A SAML assertion  from a trusted identity  provider could not be parsed.
Authentic ation  policy options
This section  describes the general authentic ation  options  on the Manage the system > Policies > Options
menu.
Option Description
ACL DENY ENABLE Enable this to allow product administrator s to deny users access to certain
objects.
ADMIN PASSWORD EXPIRE Set the number of days until  product administrator s’ passwords expire. If
this is not set, then the product administrator ’s password is checked against
the default password policy’s expiry interval.Option Description
CHECK LOCKED ACCOUNTS Tests the intruder lockout status of user accounts before giving the user the
option  to sign into Bravura Security Fabric. If enabled, each account a user
has on systems in the authentic ation  priority list is tested before giving the
user the option  of signing in with the password for that account.
DISABLED ACCOUNT DENY Enable this to not list a user’s disabled accounts in account searches.
Disabled accounts will not be shown in modules and they will also not be
included in transparent s ynchr oniz ation  requests
EXPIRY FOR EXCEPTIONS TO SOD
RULESThe default expiry of e x ceptions  to segr eg ation  of duties  (SoD) rules. After  60
days, a user who is granted an e x ception  will be in violation  again. This value
can be overridden in the c on figur ation  of individual rules. Requesters can
change the value when submitting  a request for e x ception.
GENERIC LOGIN FAILURE Enable this to provide a generic message upon login failure, to make it more
difficult  for an attack er  to deduce valid login IDs.
GLF ALLOWED PROXIES Specify a comma-delimited list of CIDR bitmasks of allowed upstream HTTP
proxies. This controls which remote IP addresses are allowed to set the X-
Forwarded-For HTTP request header.
IP LOCKOUT DURATION Set the dur ation  (in seconds) that an IP address will be locked-out of the
Front-end (PSF). If left blank, the default value is 60 seconds. You can also
use the ipunlock program to immediately unlock an IP address.
IP LOCKOUT INTERVAL Set the number of seconds that must pass between failed login attemp ts  in
order to reset the lockout counter for an IP address. The lockout counter
increases if another failed login attemp t  occurs within this interval period.
The lockout counter is reset once the specified  number of seconds has
elapsed. If left blank, the default value for this option  is 5 seconds.
LOCKOUT DURATION Set this to re-enable accounts, after  they have been disabled because of
authentic ation  failure, aut omatic ally  after  the de fined  number of minutes.
LOCKOUT INTERVAL This option  is only applicable when authentic ation  chains are enabled .
Set the number of minutes between failed login attemp ts  that would a ff ect
the lockout counter. If the number of minutes between failed login attemp ts
is greater than this interval, then the lockout counter is reset.Option Description
MAX IP FAILURE Set the maximum number of failed login attemp ts  that are allowed before
the IP address is locked-out of the Front-end (PSF). A value must be set for
this option  in order to enable the ability to lock out IP addresses. This option
is disabled if left blank.
MAX REJECTIONS Set the default maximum number of denials by an authorizer required to
deny a access change request. When this number is reached, the request is
canceled even if approval from the minimum number of authorizers is
reached.
You can set a maximum number of denials for requests based on templates,
roles, segr eg ation  of duties  rules, managed groups and target systems.
MAX USERAUTH FAILURE To prevent security violations,  you can disable a user after  a pr e-de fined
number of authentic ation  failures. Enable this option  and type your required
maximum number of failures in the adjacent field.  If unde fined,  the user is
locked out as soon as authentic ation  fails.
MIN AUTHORIZERS Set the default number of authorizers required to approve a access change
request before it is implemented.
If you do not assign enough authorizers to a resource to meet the minimum
requirement, requests based on the resource will be aut omatic ally  denied
unless authorizers are assigned by a w orkflo w  plugin.
You can set a minimum number of authorizers for requests based on
templates, roles, segr eg ation  of duties  rules, managed groups and target
systems.
MIN DICTWORD LENGTH Sets the minimum length of dictionar y  words loaded for password strength
rule checks. Changing this value can speed up password checks by
eliminating  small words from the dictionar y .  It can be used in c onjunction
with the Minimum length of dictionar y  word to check against strength rule.
NUM HOSTS VERIFY Set the number of systems from the authentic ation  priority list that Bravura
Security Fabric should contact and ask for authentic ation,  before concluding
that the user simply entered an incorrect password value.
PASSWORD HISTORY IGNORE Skip the checking of password history when cr eating  a new account. The
initial  password for a new account will not enforce the password history
when enabled. The default setting  for this value is Enabled.
SOD VIOLATIONS LIST LIMIT Set the maximum number of segr eg ation  of duties  rules violations  to show
when issuing a request. 0 means in finit e.  Default is 10.
USERCLASS CACHE EXPIRY This sets the amount of hours before the user class cache expires  (on page
804). Default is 72 hours.
.Keeping passwords secret from product administrators
You can use a plugin to retrieve a pr e-de fined  password value when a password change is performed by
the help desk.
The plugin point is set by the GET PASSWORD EXT plugin point on the Manage the system  >
Maintenance > System variables  c on figur ation  page.
To keep the user’s password secure, the help desk user  sees only the description  of the new password on
the Change passwords  page. The help desk user  can then provide this password description  to the caller.
The actual password is kept secret from the help desk user , but is known to the caller from its description.
For example, “the new password is the fir s t 6 characters of the user’s social security number.”
The caller should be instructed to change their password to a diff er en t  value as soon as possible, using
one of the Bravura Pass  self-service modules, or transparent password s ynchr oniz ation.
There are no shipped programs for this plugin point. See more in f ormation  on writing  a custom plugin
Requirements
See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Input
Input to the plugin includes only the following:
"" "" = {
  "sessionid" = "<session ID>" # The session ID of the logged in viewer/
requester
  "recipient" "user" = {} # The user being assisted
  "viewer" "user" = {} # The help desk user providing assistance
}
Output
The plugin should provide the following output:
"" "" = {
  "password" = "<the new password>" # The password used in the password reset
  "description" = "<description>" # The notice to display to the help desk user
}
for this.
Denying access
In some cases it may be easier to prevent certain users from accessing specific  objects, rather than trying
to find a way to grant limited user access. Use the ACLDENY ENABLE setting  on the Manage the system >
Policies > Options  page to allow product administrator  s to deny read and write permissions to objects by
selecting  appropriate checkboxes under the Access control tab.It is possible for users to belong to more than one group with c on figur ed  access controls for the same
object. Set ACL DENY ENABLE to:
Allow permissions to take precedence to allow a user’s allowed access to override denied
access.
Deny permissions to take precedence to allow a user’s denied access to override allowed
access.
For example, a user belongs to group A with permission to read object C, and also belongs to group B
which is denied all access to object C. The Allow permissions to take precedence setting  means the user
does have read permission for object C.
Expiring product administrators’ passwords
You can use the ADMIN PASSWORD EXPIRE setting  (Manage the system > Policies > Options ) to
c on figur e  a global value for the number of days until  product administrator  s’ passwords expire. If this
setting  is not c on figur ed,  then the product administrator  ’s password uses the default password policy’s
expiry interval. You can override both of these settings  for individual product administrator  s by setting  the
Password never expires option  on the user’s c on figur ation  page.
ADMIN PASSWORD EXPIRE only applies to product administrator  s whose passwords are stored in the
Bravura Security Fabric database. It does not apply to product administrator  s whose passwords are
verified  against a target system.
Failing invalid login IDs
Normally, when an invalid user or account ID is entered in the login screen Bravura Security Fabric
displays a message informing the user that the account could not be found.
This behavior can be modified  to make it more difficult  for an attack er  to deduce valid IDs from the login
process, by enabling the GENERIC LOGINFAILURE option  (Manage the system > Policies > Options ). If
enabled, users are allowed to proceed to the Verify password screen and enter a password, despite
having entered an invalid ID. Bravura Security Fabric  simulates an attemp t  to verify the password, w aiting
10 seconds before returning with the message:
Please verify that you entered your password correctly, otherwise contact your administrator.
This feature is scheduled to be removed in a future release.
Triggering IP lockout
You can c on figur e  a lockout of an IP address for authentic ation  attemp ts  using the IPLOCKOUT
DURATION , IP LOCKOUT INTERVAL , and MAX IP FAILURE system variables at Manage the system >
Policies > Options .
The IP lockout applies to all failed authentic ation  attemp ts.
To set up an IP lockout, you must set a value for MAX IP FAILURE to indicate the maximum number of
failed login attemp ts.You can enter a custom value for the IP LOCKOUT DURATION to determine the number of seconds for
which the IP will be locked out. The default value is 60 seconds. After  the c on figur ed  amount of time  has
elapsed, authentic ation  attemp ts  can resume once again for any account from this IP address.
You can also use the ipunlock  program to immediately unlock an IP address.
You can set IP LOCKOUT INTERVAL to change the number of seconds to wait between a failed login
attemp t  and the next login attemp t.  The default value is 5 seconds. The lockout counter is increased for
each failed authentic ation  attemp t  during this interval period and then reset once the c on figur ed  number
of seconds has been reached.
When disabling the IP lockout functionality ,  disabling MAX IP FAILURE alone does not aut omatic ally  clear
any outstanding IP locks. The c on figur ed  IP lockout dur ation  as de fined  by IP LOCKOUT DURATION must
be reached, or you must run ipunlock to allow authentic ation  attemp ts  once again for an IP address.
See usage in f ormation  for ipunlock
Use the ipunlock  program to immediately unlock IP addresses that have been locked out by MAX IP
FAILURE as a result of too many failed authentic ation  attemp ts  using the same IP .
Usage
ipunlock.exe [(-U|--unlock) <IPv4 address>] | [-L|--list]
Argument Description
-U <IPv4 address> | --unlock <IPv4 address> Unlock the specified  IPv4 address
-L | --list Display a list of locked IP addresses
Examples
1.To unlock an IP address that has been locked out by generic login failure, type:1.
ipunlock.exe -U <IPv4 address>
Or,
ipunlock.exe --unlock <IPv4 address>
2.To list IP addresses that have been locked out by generic login failure, type:2.
ipunlock.exe -L
Or,
ipunlock.exe --list
.
You can c on figur e  the following event actions  for IP lockout events:
IP Lockout events that launch interface programs
Option Description
REMOTE IP LOCKED Program to execute when an IP
address is locked out.Option Description
REMOTE IP UNLOCKED Program to execute when an IP
address is unlocked.
Controlling IP addresses from setting  X-Forwarded-For
You can restrict which source IP addresses are allowed to set the ’X-Forwarded-For’ HTTP request header.
The GLF ALLOWED PROXIES variable ( Manage the system > Policies > Options ) uses a comma-delimited
list of CIDR bitmasks of c onnection  source IP addresses and ranges from which an ’X-Forwarded-For’
HTTP request header is to be trusted. This prevents any HTTP client from avoiding IP lockout by
pretending to forward to random IP addresses.
If a c onnecting  peer does not specify the HTTP request header, its IP address is considered the true
source address for IP-lockout c onsider ations.
If a c onnecting  peer specifies  the HTTP request header, and its IP address is specified  in GLF ALLOWED
PROXIES , then the HTTP request header value is considered the true source IP address, rather than the
c onnecting  peer’s IP address.
If a c onnecting  peer specifies  the HTTP request header, but its IP address is not specified  in GLF
ALLOWED PROXIES , then the c onnecting  peer’s IP address is considered the true source address for IP-
based lockout policy, and a warning is written  to the Logging Service regarding a possible spoofing  attack.
Con figuring  lockout interval
This option  is only used when authentic ation  chains are enabled.
The LOCKOUT INTERVAL variable ( Manage the system > Policies > Options ) allows you to specify a
number of minutes between failed login attemp ts  that would a ff ect  the lockout counter.
If the number of minutes between failed login attemp ts  is greater than the lockout interval, then the
lockout counter is reset.
If the number of minutes between failed login attemp ts  is less than the lockout interval, then the lockout
counter increases.
If the lockout interval is unspecified,  then the lockout counter increases with each authentic ation  failure
and is not reset until  authentic ation  is successful, or the user’s pr ofile  has been re-enabled after  a
lockout.
Aut omatic ally  unlocking users
By default, when attempting  to authentic a t e  a user, there is a maximum number of authentic ation
failures allowed before the user is locked-out from Bravura Security Fabric . This is controlled by the the
MAX USERAUTH FAILURE setting  (Manage the system > Policies > Options ).
To enable a user pr ofile,  locked-out users can contact the help desk and request r e-activ ation,  or if the
LOCKOUT DURATION has been set, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  re-enables the account after  N
minutes.Users that are manually disabled by a product administrator  will not be aut omatic ally  re-enabled. These
users must be re-enabled by a product administrator  .