6.Click Add. 6.
7.Click Yes to retrieve a full attribut e  list during the next auto discovery. 7.
8.Execute auto discovery for the AD target system.8.
Update group attribut es
To update group attribut es  as a group owner:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as an end user who is a group owner.1.
2.From the self-service main menu, click Groups . 2.
This displays My groups .
3.Select the IT-MANAGERS group from the Results panel.3.4.Click Update attribut es . 4.
Notice  the Group description  is already filled  in. This is because the Activ e  Directory description
attribut e  is mapped to the GROUP_NAME attribut e  when Bravura Workforce P attern  is installed and the
attribut e  contained a value. The List group attribut es  option  must also be selected on the Activ e
Directory target.
However, the info attribut e  does not contain any values at this point in time  so no data is shown.
5.Select "Security Level 3" for the Group security level . 5.6.Click Submit . 6.
7.Click the View request  link at the top of the page to view the request status. 7.
8.In the right Actions  panel , select the Request  ID link and display Oper ations  and Authorizers . 8.
Note that with the current c on figur ation,  you would also need to approve the request as the group
owner, but since we are using the owner of the group to make the request, it is auto-approved.If the value in the Results  column of the Resources to be updated  table is "Success" then you know
the task has been completed properly.
You can c on firm  the request was successful by viewing the pr operties  of the IT-MANAGERS group
directly in Activ e  Directory Users and Computers.
The info attribut e  was updated for the IT-MANAGERS group and the specified  value of [Security Level]
"3" now appears in the Notes  field.
Example: Con figur e  group entitlemen t  attribut es
In Example: Updating  group attribut es  (on page 1209), you learned how to update a resource attribut e
that was mapped to a group attribut e  on Activ e  Directory. Resource attribut es  can also be c on figur ed  as
entitlemen t  attribut es  to de fine  the r elationship  between two resources.The built-in ENTITLEMENT_EXPIRY_DATE attribut e  can be used to trigger an event to complete an action;
for example, when a member’s expiry date arrives, an email is sent to prompt the removal of that user
from the group.
In this example, we add a resource attribut e  group so that users can set this expiry date in a pr e-de fined
request.
Assumptions
This example assumes:
▪Bravura Workforce P attern  is installed. ▪
▪The "AD" Activ e  Directory target system is c on figur ed  as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪Group owners in AD are c on figur ed  as group managers in Bravura Identity . ▪
Add a resource attribut e  group
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 2.
3.Click Add new… . 3.
4.Enter the following in f ormation: 4.
▪ID Gr oup_entitlemen ts_attr s ▪
▪ Description  Group entitlemen t  attribut es ▪
▪Resource type  Account group memberships ▪5.Click Add. 5.
6.Click the Access control  tab. 6.
7.Select "Allow read" and "Allow write" for ALLUSERS.7.
8.Click Update . 8.
9.Click the Members  tab. 9.
10. Click Select... . 10.
11. Select "ENTITLEMENT_EXPIRY_DATE". 11.
12. Click Select . 12.
13. Click the Display criteria  tab. 13.
14. Ensure the Display type  is set to "Main". 14.
15. Click Update . 15.