Resource attribut es
Terminology
Resource attribut es  can be used to de fine  resource objects within Bravura Security Fabric  ; for example,
you can c on figur e  a ”Loc ation”  attribut e  to be a mandatory value for target systems, to help users quickly
find resources that are in the same loc ation.  Other examples include owner, risk level, department,
division, and so on.
Resource entitlemen t  attribut es  are resource attribut es  that de fine  the r elationship  between two
resources. An entitlemen t  attribut e  is used to set entitlemen ts  on members of a resource.
▪Group entitlemen t  attribut es  de fine  the r elationship  between a user and their group membership; for ▪
example, the membership expiry date is a group entitlemen t  attribut e  for the r elationship  between a
user and their group membership.
▪Role entitlemen t  attribut es  de fine  the r elationship  between a user and their role assignment; for ▪
example, an expiry date for a student’s r egis tr ation  in a math course at university is a role entitlemen t
attribut e  for the r elationship  between the student and their role as a math student.
Access control
Resource attribut es  and entitlemen t  attribut es  are accessible via the Bravura Security Fabric  UI, and can
be displayed and can be modified,  subject to access control policies. You apply and control access to
resource attribut es  by adding them to resource attribut e  groups , which you then c on figur e  to de fine:
▪Target systems▪
▪Template accounts▪
▪Roles▪
▪Managed groups▪
▪ Segr eg ation  of duties  rules ▪
Resource attribut es  and entitlemen t  attribut es  diff er  from built-in resource parameters, such as resource
ID, in that they are not required by Bravura Security Fabric  , and they are stored in a separate database
table.
The rest of this chapter describes:
▪Types of resource attribut es  (on page 651) ▪
▪ De fining  resource attribut es  (on page 654) ▪
▪Examples  (on page 658) ▪
 
Types of resource attribut es
Resource attribut es  can be de fined  according to the following types:
String A short alpha-numeric valueBoolean A true or false value.
Da t e/time Users select a date in year/month/day hour:minute (YYYY/MM/DD
HH:MM) format.
Memo A multi-line  alpha-numeric value
Integer An all-numeric value
Password A value hidden from view. Bravura Security Fabric  displays a symbol such
as 
 for each character.
Built-in resource attribut es
There are several built-in attribut es:
ENTITLEMENT_EXPIRY_DATE The expiry date of an entitlemen t.
This attribut e  is not included in an attribut e  group by default. It is
used to hold the expiry date for a requested e x ception  to a SoD rule.
ENTITLEMENT_EXPIRY_DAYS_DEFAULT The default number of days before expiry.
This attribut e  is included in the SOD_EXCEPTION_EXPIRY resource
attribut e  group, and is used to determine the expiry date for a
requested e x ception  to a SoD rule.
GROUP_ID Group ID
This attribut e  is included in the GROUP_INFO_CREATE attribut e
group and is used in create group oper ations.
GROUP_NAME Group name
This attribut e  is included in the GROUP_INFO_CREATE and
GROUP_INFO_UPDATE attribut e  groups and is used in create group
and update group oper ations.
GROUP_OU Group OU
This attribut e  is included in the GROUP_INFO_CREATE attribut e
group and is used in create group oper ations.
GROUP_TARGET Group target system
This attribut e  is included in the GROUP_INFO_CREATE attribut e
group and is used in create group oper ations.
IGNORE_VALIDITY_WINDOW When enabled the role membership validity window will be ignored.
This attribut e  allows for a manual override when a validity window
is set by aut omation,  based off some SoR attribut es.
START_TIME Optional  start time  for a role assignment.
This attribut e  is included in the ROLE_VALIDITY attribut e  group and
is used when assigning roles.
END_TIME Optional  end time  for a role assignment.
This attribut e  is included in the ROLE_VALIDITY attribut e  group and
is used when assigning roles.Getting  started
 Requirements 
Before you add a resource attribut e:
▪You require the Manage resources adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Resource attribut es ▪
menu item.
 Na vig ation  steps 
Use the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page to add and c on figur e  resource attribut es.  To navigate to this
page:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut es . 1.
2.To de fine  a: 2.
▪New resource attribut e  – click Add new... . ▪
▪ Existing  resource attribut e  – search for, or select the resource attribut e  you want to view or modify. ▪De fining  resource attribut es
To add a new resource attribut e:
1.Navigate to the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page  (on page 653). 1.
2.Type a unique ID and Description . 2.
3.Select a Type . 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  refreshes the page and re-displays settings  according to the type you selected.
If JavaScript is not enabled for your browser, you must click Add to allow the page to refresh.
4.Set parameters as described in the table below.4.5.Click Add, or Update . 5.
Resource attribut e  parameters
Setting Type Description
Minimum required number of
valuesAll A number greater than 1 means the attribut e  is
required.
Maximum allowed number of
valuesString,Integer A number greater than 1 means that multiple
values are allowed.
Allow duplicate values String,Integer Determine whether the values for a multi- v alued
attribut e  must be unique. This does not apply to
single-valued attribut es.
Changes made will invalidate
authoriz ationsAll If an authorizer or requester changes a resource
attribut e  value, any previous authoriz ations  of a
request are invalidated. Other authorizers are
notified  and need to re-authorize the request.
If an authorizer or requester changes an
entitlemen t  attribut e  value, any previous
authoriz ations  of that entitlemen t  are invalidated.
Other authorizers are notified  and need to re-
authorize the request.
This is useful where an attribut e  change can be an
entitlemen t  authoriz ation  period issue; for
example, if AESOD set to a value of 30 days, and
an authorizer changes the value to 60 days, the
original request should be invalidated.
Maximum field  length String, Integer,
PasswordMaximum length allowed for each value
Notes All Help in f ormation  for the attribut e.  Once set, it will
be available in wizards by hovering over the
question  mark icon.
Description  of input values String,Memo,Integer,Password This is displayed to users to show them how to
enter values for the attribut e.  For example, type
YYYY-MM-DD  for a Date of birth field.
Format requirement of input values String, Password For example, type NNNN-NN-NN to indicate a
series of numbers.
Regular expression used for
v alidation  of input valuesString, Memo,
Integer ,PasswordIf you use a regular expression for v alidation  the
Description  of input values  is required.
Plugin used to generate a list of
restricted valuesString, Integer You can use a plug-in to supply one or more
restricted values for an attribut e.  Leave this field
blank to de fine  restricted values manually
Display text for positiv e  value Boolean The default is True .
Display text for neg ativ e  value Boolean The default is False.
Display text for no value Boolean The default is ( None ).Setting Type Description
Default values for the attribut e String, Integer, Boolean Attribut es  can be set up with default values, so
that unless a user intervenes and changes them,
the default values are copied to the newly added
resource.
If you de fine  restricted values for the attribut e,
you can select them from a drop-down list for this
option.
Encrypt this attribut e  in theda abase All except User Enable this to encrypt attribut e  values in the
database. If encrypted, the attribut e  cannot be
mapped to a group attribut e.  Certific ation
reviewers must have appropriate permission to
view encrypted attribut e  values; otherwise they
are masked.
Boolean values
Boolean attribut es  require users to input a true or false value. The default choices displayed to end users
are True or False , or (None) if the attribut e  is optional.
To specify other values:
1.On the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page  (on page 653), type a text string for: 1.
▪Display text for positiv e  value ▪
▪Display text for neg ativ e  value ▪
▪Display text for no value▪
2.Set the Default values for the attribut e  by selecting  the appropriate radio button. 2.
3.Click Update . 3.
When you click Update , the default values text will change to r e flect  the values you specified.   
Number of values required or allowed
The number of values required or allowed is set by the Minimum required number of values and
Maximum allowed number of values on the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page.▪If the attribut e  is required for a resource, type a number greater than 0 in the Minimum required ▪
number of values field.
▪If more than one value can be entered, type a number greater than 1 to set a Maximum allowed ▪
number of values , or type -1 to allow an in finit e  number of values.
This number can only be set to a positive  number or -1; 0 is invalid.
Only string and integer attribut e  types can have more than 1 value. The boolean, da t e/time,  memo,
and password attribut e  types can only have one value.
Maximum length
You can restrict the maximum length of a resource attribut e  value by using the Maximum field  length
setting  on the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page.
For multiple  … Maximum length refers to …
Restricted values Maximum length allowed for each value
Unrestricted values Total number of characters allowed in the text field  for the attribut e
Restricted values
You can supply one or more restricted values for an attribut e.  Only integer or string type attribut es  can
have restricted values.
When multiple  restricted values are supplied for an attribut e,  users select one or more of the values from
a list when they assign attribut e  values to a resource.
You can c on figur e  the values:
▪Manually using the Manage the system  (PSA) module ▪
▪Using a plugin to generate them dynamically▪
To de fine  restricted values:
1.Add the attribut e  using the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page, leaving the Plugin used to generate 1.
a list of restricted values blank.
The Restricted values tab appears once the attribut e  has been created.
2.In the Restricted values tab, type the Actual value , to be recorded in the database, and Displayed 2.
value , to be shown to users.
To add additional  values, click More or Update to add rows.
3.Click Update when you have added all values. 3.
To delete a restricted value, select the checkbox next to the value then click Update .
The drop-down list above the section  allows you to sort values alphabetic ally  according to actual value or
displayed value.Default values
Attribut es  can be set up with default values, so that unless a user intervenes and changes them, the
default values are entered for a resource. This is the case for both required and optional  attribut es.
If default values are c on figur ed,  they will be set in requests regardless of the recipient’s e xiting  values.
On the Resource attribut e  in f ormation  page, de fine  Default values for the attribut e  by typing them in the
text box (unrestricted values) or selecting  from the list of values (restricted or boolean values).
Examples
Add role membership attribut es  to w orkflo w
Administrators can add attribut e  fields  to gather additional  in f ormation  about role membership. End
users can add or update the attribut e  values by r equesting  a change in role membership. The following
procedure describes how to update role membership attribut e  values using the standard Change role
membership  request. It assumes that roles have been de fined  and assigned to an end user.
Add role membership attribut es  
To add role membership attribut es:
1.As a product administrator , click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut es . 1.2.Click Add new… 2.3.Enter values as follows:3.
ID: ROLE_ATTR1
Description:  Role reason
Type: String
Minimum required number of values: 0
Maximum allowed number of values:
4.Click Add. 4.
5.Click Add new… to add another attribut e. 5.
6.Enter values as follows:6.
ID: ROLE_ATTR2
Description:  Role date
Type: Da t e/time
Minimum required number of values: 0
7.Click Add. 7.
There are now two attribut es  that can be added to the role membership request page.  
Set attribut e  access controls 
To set access controls for the new attribut e,  add it to an attribut e  group:
1.As a product administrator , click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 1.