To specify a date range, you can choose:
▪Use r elativ e  date ▪
It is recommended that you use a r elativ e  date for your date range when you schedule a report. This
ensures that the date range would be valid when the schedule report executes.
Choosing Use r elativ e  date  makes a drop-down list appear, which allows you to select the type of
r elativ e  date. A r elativ e  date is calculated based on the day that the report is executed. The following
options  are available in the drop-down list:
All time  value ranges are from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
R elativ e  date options
Option Description
Current day The 24 hour period that the report is executed within,
from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
Current calendar week The current seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday August 1st to
Saturday August 7th.
Current month The current month from beginning to end, determined by
the day the report is executed. For example, if the report
is run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
August 1st to August 31st.
Current quarter The current quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
July 1st to September 30th.
Current year The current year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2010-01-01 to 2010-12-31.
Previous day The previous 24 hour period, from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59,
determined by the time  the report is executed.
Previous calendar week The previous seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday July 25th to
Saturday July 31st.
Previous month The previous month from beginning to end, determined
by the day the report is executed. For example, if the
report is run on August 3rd, then the date range would
be from July 1st to July 31st.
Previous quarter The previous quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report isOption Description
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
April 1st to June 30th.
Previous year The previous year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2009-01-01 to 2009-12-31.
to use a date r elativ e  to when report executes
▪Use selected date▪
You can de fine  a specific  date range for your report. The fir s t da t e/time  field  selects the earliest start
time  to include, and the second selects the latest.
The start time  is the time  that the report was executed. To set a selected date range:
1.Click the upper da t e/time  field  to specify the start date and hour. 1.
2.Type a start time  in HH:MM format if you do not want to start on the hour. 2.
3.Click the lower da t e/time  field  to specify the end date and hour. 3.
4.Type an end time  in HH:MM format if you do not want to start on the hour. 4.
The allowed years range from 1970 to 2038
to de fine  a specific  date range for your report
▪Use within the last N days to specify the last number of days for the report to search within ▪▪Use N or more days ago to specify the number of days ago for the report to begin searching from ▪
▪ Submitted  during the last N days to specify a certain number of past days for the report to search ▪
within
▪Use within the next N days to specify a certain number of future days for the report to search within ▪
Using graphs within reports
Some reports have an option  to summarize in f ormation  in a graph format. You can choose this option  by
selecting  the <Report name> summary  option  and then specifying a Graph type .
JavaScript must be enabled for the graphs to be visible.
There are four graph types in Bravura Security Fabric , two of which are alike:
▪Horizontal and v ertic al  bar charts  (on page 2914) ▪
▪Pie charts  (on page 2914) ▪
▪Line charts  (on page 2915) ▪
For all graph types, individual sets of in f ormation  are color coded. Hovering over an element of the graph
displays its name and associated value.
The sections  of the graph are also identified  in the label box. Hovering over a label highlights the
corresponding section  on the graph. You can filt er  out unwanted data by clicking on the colors in the
label box.
If a report supports multiple  graph types, you can switch between types, without having to run the report
again, by clicking a radio button  below the graph.
Horizontal and v ertic al  bar charts
The horizontal and v ertic al  bar chart types display in f ormation  in opaque bars that stretch across the
screen.
The chart has two axes, one of which divides the sub sections  of the report output into bars and the other
of which displays the associated amount.
The v ertic al  bar chart type often  represents trends on a timeline.  In this case, each individual unit of time
has its own set of bars. If available, you can use a R eporting  time  interval  option  to set the unit of time  to
sort the timeline.  Navigate the timeline  using the mouse.
A horizontal bar chart may have a Number of rows for graph  setting  which limits the number of rows
displayed within the graph. To reduce clutter  on the page, there is a hard limit of 100 rows to this setting.
For horizontal or v ertic al  bar charts you can click on an individual bar to view detailed data in a pop-up
window.
Pie chart
The pie chart graph type represents the summarized report output within a circle, with each sub section
of data having its own sector of the circle pr oportional  to the amount it is associated with. The specific
percentages of the sectors are displayed next to them.For pie chart graphs, you can open the drill-down window by clicking on the colored sectors of the pie
chart.
You can click on an individual sector to view detailed data in a pop-up window.
Line chart
The line chart graph type displays in f ormation  from the report using nodes, which are linked together
using lines.
This graph type is used to represent trends on a timeline.  Each individual unit of time  has multiple  nodes
on the graph. If available, you can set the unit of time  to sort the timeline  using the R eporting  time
interval  option.  Navigate the timeline  using the mouse.For line chart graphs, you can view detailed data in a pop-up window by clicking the nodes on the chart.
Since there are often  multiple  data lines in one line chart, at times  the nodes on the lines will intersect. In
this case, clicking on the node opens a drop-down menu that allows you to choose the line for which you
want to view detailed data.
View data in drill-down reports
You can get a more in-depth r epr esen t ation  of the data in any graph by clicking on an area in the graph or
on any row within the table below the graph. This opens a pop-up "drill-down" window that tables data
from a specific  section  of the graph.
Each graph type has a slightly diff er en t  way of opening the drill-down window which is covered in their
r espectiv e  sections.A basic search box within the window allows you to filt er  data within the table.
Unlike other Bravura Security Fabric  pop-up windows, the graph drill-down window can be resized and
moved around the screen to your liking.
To leave the drill-down window, either click the close icon on the top right-hand side of the window or
press [Esc] .
Using search pages within reports
Some reports have fields  that allow you to access search pages for certain objects. The search pages for
these objects are similar to the standard search pages; however, there are some diff er ences.
Some search pages use an older style user interface. For example, the search page for target systems in
the Users > Accounts  report uses the older style, while the search page for accounts uses the newer,
standard style. The diff er ences  are noted in the rest of this section.
Basic searching
To access a search page for a particular  report field,  click the search icon 
  in that field.
To narrow down the list of objects on a search page, type a word or phrase to search for in the search
field,  then click the search button,  or on older-style search pages, the search icon 
  to submit your
search.
Unlike other (non-report) search pages, Bravura Security Fabric  matches on hidden fields,  not just the
columns displayed on the page. Invalidated users are displayed with strike-through lettering.  The
Advanced search  page lists all searchable attribut es.
Advanced search page (older style)
To create an advanced field  search query on older-style search pages:
1.Click Advanced search  on the object list page. 1.
2.Select a field  name or property from the fir s t drop-down list in the fir s t empty row. 2.
3.Select a comparison method from the second drop-down list.3.
4.Type a value in the text field,  or select a value from the drop-down list. 4.
5.Repeat steps 2 through 4 in the next row if you want to add more search expressions.5.
6.If you have multiple  search expressions, from the fir s t drop-down list in the second row, select: 6.
▪"or" to match on either the current or previous row.▪
▪"and" to match on both the current and previous row.▪
Repeat this for following rows if required.When using mixed and/or search expressions, "AND" takes precedence over "OR". For example:
Expression1 AND Expression2 OR Expression3 AND Expression4
should be interpreted as
( Expression1 AND Expression2 )OR ( Expression3 AND Expression4)
7.Click Search . 7.
See also
Searching  (on page 362) provides more in f ormation  on standard advanced searching and saving searches.
Viewing saved reports
▪Users require the "Manage reports" adminis tr ativ e  right in order to access the Manage reports (RPT) ▪
module. They can be added to the REPORT_READERS administrator group to be granted this right.
Membership criteria is de fined  by the _REPORT_READERS_ user class.
▪Users must be in the same user class to see each others’ saved reports.▪
▪Superusers can view the saved reports of other users, but users who are not superusers cannot access▪
the saved reports of superusers.
To view saved reports:
1.Click Manage reports > Saved reports , then select My saved reports  or Other users’ saved reports . 1.
2.Click the view icon 
  for the report you want to view, or use the Advanced search to narrow down 2.
the list of saved reports.
3. Optionally ,  click the appropriate button  in the Download column to download the report in csv, pdf, 3.
HTML, or PNG format.
The Download image 
  icon only appears when the report contains graphics.
Saved reports are not propagated to replic ation  nodes.
Adding a custom report
Custom reports provides means to generate reports that are not necessarily sourced from the main
instance database.
The custom reports are transparent within the product. Just like built-in reports, they can be saved,
scheduled, emailed and exported for later c onsumption.
When cr eating  custom reports, the following assumptions  apply:
▪The custom report is being sourced from a Python script.▪
▪The language is English. There is no support for in t ernationaliz ation  at this time. ▪
▪There is no inherent date handling. All date inputs are valued as inputted  with no conversion for ▪
time z one.