The output KVGroup for a successful v alidation  is of the format:
"" "" = {
       "returnval" = "0"
}
.Part V Web Modules and Apps
About web modules
The Bravura Security Fabric  user interface is provided by a set of self-contained CGI programs and web
apps known c ollectiv ely  as modules .  
The options  on the Modules menu enable you to c on figur e  the behavior of the Bravura Security Fabric
web modules and apps. The c on figur ation  settings  a ff ect  the Front-end , self-service module s, and
adminis tr ativ e  modules.
You require the Con figur e  modules adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Modules menu.
Types of modules 
Modules are classified  by their purpose and by the users that can access them:
The Front-end  (PSF) module  (on page 1182) Provides an authentic ation  and task selection  point for
all Bravura Security Fabric users. 
self-service module modules Enable users to manage their pr ofiles,  submit security
change requests, and authorize or manage security
change requests. Self-service modules are only
accessible to users with accounts.
adminis tr ativ e  modules A part of the Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e  that
enables users to carry out privileged or adminis tr ativ e
tasks. Adminis tr ativ e  modules are only accessible to
users with product administrator rights.
The table below describes the purpose of each module.
Modules
Menu link Program Description
Manage certific ation
process  (on page 1158)CERT Enables product
administrator s to view,
c on figur e,  and start access
certific ation  campaigns.
View dashboards  (on page
1161)DASH Enables product
administrator s to view
graphical summaries of
Bravura Security Fabric
oper ations  and usage.
Manage external data
store  (on page 1163)DBE Enables product
administrator s to view and
update data in the External
data store.Menu link Program Description
Digital ID  (on page 1171) DID Used to update a Lotus
Notes ID file repository,
particularly  when managing
Lotus Notes passwords with
Bravura Pass .
Unlock encrypted systems/
accounts  (on page 1174)HDD Enables users to unlock
encrypted target systems.
Help users  (on page 1174) IDA Enables help-desk users to
administer regular users’
pr ofiles.  This includes
modifying users’ pr ofile
statuses, security question
pr ofiles,  and owned
accounts. .
Manage the OrgChart  (on
page 1177)IDGEnables product
administrator s to build
and administer users in
the OrgChart.
Browse the OrgChart  (on
page 1177)IDO Enables managers to
manage their subordinates
in the OrgChart.
View and update pr ofile
(on page 1178)IDR Enables users to request
access changes or inventory
items for themselves or
others.
Manage deleg ations  (on
page 1180)IDS Enables users to respond to
deleg ation  requests.
Manage the system  (on
page 1181)PSA Provides a means for
product administrator s to
carry out core c on figur ation
and adminis tr ation  tasks
from a web interface. This
includes c on figuring
Bravura Security Fabric
objects and environment,
managing processes and
options,  c on figuring
individual features and
functionality ,  and
administering security.
View requests  (on page
1180)IDW Allows users to track
requests with read-only
permission.Menu link Program Description
Generate voice print
enrollment PIN  (on page
1180)PSI Enables users to register for
IVR authentic ation.
Unlock accounts  (on page
1184)PSK Enables users to unlock
their accounts.
Attach  other accounts  (on
page 1185)PSL Enables users to manage
their accounts and
alternate login IDs.
User notific ations  (on page
1188)PSN Acts as the gateway
between the Notific ation
Client ( psntfclient )
and the Notific ation
Service, and enables users
to receive, acknowledge,
and act on notific ations
from their web browser.
Manage tokens  (on page
1192)PSP Enables users to manage
their SecurID tokens.
Update security questions
(on page 1193)PSQ Enables users to manage
their security question
authentic ation  pr ofiles.
Password s ynchr oniz ation
r egis tr ation  (on page 1194)PSR Enables users to register for
transparent password
s ynchr oniz ation.
Change passwords  (on
page 1196)PSS Enables users to reset their
own passwords.
Manage reports  (on page
1199)RPT Enables product
administrator s to view,
run, save, and schedule
reports.
F eder ation  / Web Single
Sign-on /WebSingleSign-On
(on page 1203)app Provides c on figur ation
options  for authentic ation
via SAML  (on page 923).
Groups app  (on page 1204) app Allows users to request
changes to group
membership, or to create
or update groups if they
have assigned privileges.Menu link Program Description
Requests  (on page 1249) app Allows users to track the
status of requests they
have made, or that have
been made on their behalf.
They can also cancel
requests. Users who are
assigned as authorizers can
authorize, unapprove,
abstain, escalate or deny
requests. Users who are
assigned as implementers
can accept or decline
manual implemen t ation
tasks.
Privileged access  (on page
1251)app Allows regular users to
request temporary access
to privileges.
Session monitor  (on page
1255)app Allows users to submit
requests to search, view
and download recorded
sessions.
See also: 
For more in f ormation  about the diff er en t  types of users, and how to create them in Bravura Security
Fabric , see User types and access rules  (on page 671).
Enable and disable modules
Most modules are enabled by default. You can disable modules that are not required by Bravura Security
Fabric . For example, you can disable the View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module to prevent users from
submitting  requests while you are c on figuring  Bravura Security Fabric .
To enable or disable a module:
1.Click Modules , then select the appropriate module. 1.
2.In the <module > ENABLED row, select the: 2.
▪On radio button  to enable the module, or ▪
▪ Off radio button  to disable the module. ▪
3.Click Update at the bottom  of the page. 3.
Modifying general behavior
The following sections  describe behaviors you can set globally for consoles and modules. Navigate to
Modules > Options  to access the Module options  page.Aut omatic  storage/retrieval of field  values
After  initial  login, users may find it useful if some fields  are aut omatic ally  filled  in on subsequent logins.
Bravura Security Fabric  can recognize users and aut omatic ally  populate certain fields,  such as the number
of records to display on search pages, using cookies or its database.
The database method will not work if proxy servers are being used. Bravura Security Fabric uses IP to
recognize users and retrieve inf ormation.
Enable the following options:
AUTO SET COOKIE to store previously entered values on cookies on a user’s w ork s t ation.
AUTO FILL SET COOKIE MODULE EXACT to store previously entered module-specific  values.
AUTO FILL SET COOKIE USER EXACT to store previously entered user -specific  values.
AUTO FILL COOKIE to retrieve values from cookies.
AUTO FILL COOKIE MODULE EXACT to retrieve only module-specific  values only from cookies.
AUTO FILL COOKIE USER EXACT to retrieve only user -specific  values from cookies.
AUTO SET DB to store previously entered values in the Bravura Security Fabric
database.
AUTO FILL SET DB MODULE EXACT to store module-specific  database values.
AUTO FILL SET DB USER EXACT to store user -specific  database values.
AUTO FILL DB to retrieve values from Bravura Security Fabric ’s database.
AUTO FILL DB MODULE EXACT to retrieve only module-specific  values from Bravura Security Fabric ’s
database.
AUTO FILL DB USER EXACT to retrieve only user -specific  values from Bravura Security Fabric ’s
database.
When either method is used Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  populates pr ofile  ID and email address
fields.  Other fields  can be set up for aut omatic  setting  or filling  by editing  Bravura Security Fabric  m4 files.
For example, you may want to populate the request notes field  with some boilerplate text.
Set the API session inactivity  timeout  period
By default, Bravura Security Fabric  shuts a user out after  600 seconds of inactivity  during an API session.
To change the default inactivity  timeout  for an API session, type the number of seconds required in the
DEFAULT API SESS EXPIRY SECONDS field.  It accepts a value between 60 and 999999.
Set the inactivity  timeout  period
By default, Bravura Security Fabric  shuts a user out after  600 seconds of inactivity .  To change the default
inactivity  timeout  for a session, type the number of seconds required in the DEFAULT EXPIRY SECONDS
field.  It accepts a value between 60 and 999999.Set the maximum size of stored sessions
By default, when Bravura Security Fabric  stores user session data in the sessdata  directory, it will
terminate any sessions whose data file exceeds 5242880 Bytes in size. To change the maximum size of
stored sessions, set a new value for maximum size in bytes in the SESSION MAX BIN SIZE field.  It accepts
a value between 0 and 2147483647.
Set the default time  for schedule tasks
By default, Bravura Security Fabric  sets time  to run at 01:00 (1AM) when you add a scheduled job. To
change the default time,  type the time  in 24-hour format (HH:MM) in the DEFAULT SCHEDULE TIME field.
You can change the time  for individual jobs in the Time to run field.  This field  a ff ects  scheduled tasks
added for:
▪Manage the system > Maintenance > Scheduled jobs▪
▪Manage the system > Policies > User notific ations  > Batch notific ations ▪
▪Manage reports > Reports  > Reports ▪
Digitally sign files
You can use a plugin to digitally sign files created by the Bravura Security Fabric  server. Use this to sign
MSI files for installing on local service mode resources.
To use a digital signature plugin, ensure that the plugin is located in the plugin directory, then type the
plugin name in the Modules > Options  > DIGITAL SIGN PLUGIN field.
There are no shipped plugins for this plugin point. See more in f ormation  on how to write a custom plugin
Requirements
See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Ex ecution  points
This plugin is run when Bravura Privilege  creates local-service-mode ins t allation  keys, whether they are
manually-created in the Manage the system  (PSA) module, or by a r eplic ating  server g ener ating  the
ins t allation  files.
Input
The plugin accepts the following input:
    "" "" = {
      "FILES" "" = {
          "name" = "<file name>"
          "name" = "<file name>"
          .
          .          .
      }
    }
Output
The plugin expects the following output:
    "" "" = {
      "retval" = "0"
      /* optional
      "errmsg"  = "<message>"
      "warnmsg" = "<message>"
      "infomsg" = "<message>"
   }
For retval, 0 indicates success and non-zero indicates failure.
.
Display simplified  login IDs
By default, when users view account in f ormation  Bravura Security Fabric  displays the c on t e x t -sensitiv e
login ID (long ID). You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to present users with a simplified  login ID
(short ID) by enabling the DISPLAY ALIAS SIMPLIFIED  option.
For example, if DISPLAY ALIAS SIMPLIFIED is enabled, the LDAP login ID is reduced to just the UID value.
This option  does not apply to any of the c ertific ation  pages.
Display group IDs
In the user interface, Bravura Security Fabric  generally lists groups by their IDs and descriptions.
Sometimes  it is preferable to display the short ID rather than long ID or vice versa. For example, a
company could have a group with the short ID of DEV and the description  Development in
Calgary , with the long ID something like:
cn=DEV,ou=CalgaryOffice,dc=company,dc=com
You can change the way group IDs are displayed by enabling the DISPLAY GROUPID PLUGIN option  in the
Modules > Options  menu. The default is to display the short ID.
You can also c on figur e  when to display the group IDs one way or another depending on which page it is
being displayed.
Bravura Security Fabric  has two built-in plugin programs:
▪longid.pss always displays groups’ long ID ▪
▪shortid.pss always displays groups’ short ID ▪See more in f ormation  on writing  a custom plugin
Requirements
The plugin must be placed in the \<instance>\plugin\ directory and runs on the Bravura Security Fabric
server. See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Ex ecution  points
This plugin is executed whenever Group IDs are displayed.
Input
Input to this plugin must include the hostid,  platform,  gr oup shortid,  grouplongid, and groupdesc fields
from the nosgroups table. It will also include which module called the plugin, and the na vig ation  it took.
 "" "" = {
   "GROUPDESC" = "CN=sales1,CN=Users,DC=example,DC=com"
   "GROUPLONGID" = "CN=sales1,CN=Users,DC=example,DC=com"
   "GROUPSHORTID" = "sales1"
   "HOSTID" = "AD"
   "PLATFORM" = "WIN2K"
   "module" = "idr"
   "navigation" "" = {
      "wfpage" = "useracct"
                   }
   "sessionid" = "Sa29ad806-4e15-4119-b02f-4b79ec90b05a"
 }
Output
Output includes GROUPID value. For example:
 "" "" = {
   "GROUPID" = "AD - sales1"
 }
.
Filter users
You can restrict access to certain user pr ofiles  by using the appropriate user filt er  or list g ener ation
plugin.
For example, the FILTER USER PLUGIN and KEEP USER PLUGIN controls who can view and manage which
users. By default, regular users and help desk users can make access change requests for any user with a
pr ofile  ID in the database. You may want to set up a filt er ,  for example, to allow users to manage onlytheir subordinates or members of their own group. The GENERATE USER PLUGIN generates a white list of
accepted users to manage; whereas the filt er  plugin excludes users.
FILTER USER PLUGIN , KEEP USER PLUGIN , and GENERATE USER PLUGIN  can also utiliz e  user classes as
filt er  criteria. You can do this instead of using a plugin, or in c onjunction  with a plugin. You may want to
set up a r elational  user class to allow users to manage only their subordinates or members of their own
group. See more in f ormation  on using user classes with these plugin points
User class de finitions  can be added to the following plugin points:
▪Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Esc alation  > ESCALATION PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Esc alation  > FIRST CHANCE ESCALATION PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Plugins >  AUTHORIZATION DETAIL MASK PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > FILTER USER PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > KEEP USER PLUGIN ▪
▪Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  > GENERATE USER PLUGIN ▪
These plugin points include the Use user classes option,  which allows you to filt er  or generate lists of
users based on user user classes.
If you choose to use user classes, then you do not need to write a plugin. However, user classes can also
be used in c onjunction  with a plugin.
For example, if you:
Use user classes then the specified  user classes are used to filt er  or generate lists of users.
Use user classes and write a plugin then the specified  user classes and plugin script are both used to filt er  or
generate lists of users, with the plugin taking its input from results
provided by the user class.
Write a plugin then the plugin is used to filt er  or generate lists of users.
For details, see:
▪Filter users  (on page 1049) to learn how to write a user filt er  or user ▪
g ener ation  plugin
▪About esc alation  (on page 1386) to learn how to write an esc alation ▪
plugin
▪Hiding authoriz ation  details  (on page 1428) to learn how to write an ▪
authoriz ation  mask plugin.
To c on figur e  the Use user classes option:
1.Click Use user classes under the field  for the plugin point you want to modify. 1.
A page loads related to the option  you are modifying. For example, if you are modifying FILTER USER
PLUGIN, then the Filter Criteria filt er_user_plugin  page loads. If user class de finitions  already exist for
this option,  they are listed.
2. De fine  your user classes. You can choose e xisting  user classes, create new user classes, or both: 2.
▪To select from e xisting  user classes: ▪
i.Click Select... . i.