2.Click Add new… 2.
3.Enter the following values:3.
ID: ROLE_ATTR_GROUP
Description:  Role attribut es
Resource type: Role memberships
4.Click Add. 4.
5.Click the Access control tab. 5.
6.Select the checkboxes to allow the ALLUSERS group read and write permission.6.7.Click the Members tab. 7.
8.Click Select… 8.
9.Select the checkboxes for ROLE_ATTR1 and ROLE_ATTR2 , then click Select . 9.
 Add attribut es  to the pr e-defined  request 
To add the role membership attribut es  to the Update role membership  request:
1.As a product administrator , click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Pr e-de fined  requests . 1.
2.Select the built-in _UPDATE_ROLES_ request. 2.
3.Select the Attribut es  tab. 3.4.Click Select… 4.
5.Select the checkbox for the ROLE_ATTR_GROUP , then click Select . 5.
 Update role attribut es  
To update role attribut es  as an end user:
1.Under the My pr ofile  section,  click View and update pr ofile  to see the Pr ofile  in f ormation  and 1.
entitlemen ts  page.
2.Click Change role membership in the requests section. 2.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the request wizard.3.Enter values for the attribut es. 3.
4.Click Submit . 4.
Relevant authorizers are notified  to review the request if necessary.
Attribut e  values are displayed on the request details page.Search for resources based on attribut es
Some or g aniz ations  have very large numbers of resources, such as target systems and managed group s.
It can be difficult  to find groups of resources, or resources that match specific  criteria; for example, you
might want to find all target systems at the or g aniz ation’ s  New York loc ation.If you require each target system to set a Loc ation  resource attribut e,  then this attribut e  is available for
use with the advanced search engine to find all target systems with Loc ation  set to New York. You can
narrow the search results further by using additional  attribut es.
Use resource attribut es  to control plugin behavior
You can use plugins throughout Bravura Security Fabric  to implement business logic, and in some cases
this requires associating  c on figur ation  data with resources; for example, when c on figuring  managed
group s to require serial authoriz ation  instead of having a single authorizer.
Instead of using an external CSV file to store c on figur ation  data, you can use resource attribut es  and
associated API functions.  You can c on figur e  resource attribut es  as required values when cr eating  new
resources, instead of having to update an external file in order for the business logic to function  properly.
Example 3: Using a group entitlemen t  attribut e  
You can apply the built-in ENTITLEMENT_EXPIRY_DATE attribut e  to members of a managed group.
When the expiry date arrives, an email can be sent to prompt the removal of that user from the group.
Add a resource attribut e  group to allow users to update the entitlemen t  attribut e  
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 1.
2.Click Add new… 2.
3.Enter the following in f ormation: 3.
ID Group_entitlements_attrs
Description  Group entitlement attributes
Resource type Account group memberships
4.Click Add. 4.
5.Click the Access control tab. 5.
6.Select ” Allow read” and ” Allow write” for ALLUSERS.6.
7.Click Update . 7.
8.Click the Members tab. 8.
9.Click Select... 9.
10. Select ”ENTITLEMENT_EXPIRY_DATE”. 10.
11. Click Select . 11.
12. Click the Display criteria tab. 12.
13. Ensure the Display type is set to ”Main”. 13.Resource attribut e  groups
A resource attribut e  group is a named c ollection  of resource attribut es.  You can c on figur e  resource
attribut e  groups to include resource attribut es  on the resource de finition  pages for:
▪Target systems▪
▪Template accounts▪
▪Roles▪
▪managed group s▪
▪Managed systems▪
▪Managed accounts▪
▪Account group memberships▪
▪Computer group memberships▪
▪Child group memberships▪
▪Role memberships▪
▪SoD rules▪
You must also c on figur e  access controls to determine who can read and write resource attribut e  values.
The rest of this chapter describes how to:
▪Create resource attribut e  groups  (on page 668) ▪
▪Add attribut e  group members  (on page 668) ▪
▪Assign read and write permissions  (on page 668) ▪
▪Determine how attribut es  are displayed  (on page 669) ▪
▪Determine attribut e  group display order  (on page 669) ▪
Getting  started
 Requirements 
Before you add a resource attribut e  group:
▪You require the Manage resources adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Resource attribut e ▪
groups menu item.
 Na vig ation  steps 
Use the Resource attribut e  group de finition  page to add and c on figur e  resource attribut e  groups. To
navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 1.
2.To de fine  a: 2.
▪New resource attribut e  group – click Add new... . ▪
▪ Existing  resource attribut e  group – search for, or select the resource attribut e  group you want to ▪
view or modify.Built-in resource attribut e  groups
The following attribut e  groups are included in Bravura Security Fabric  :
GROUP_INFO_CREATE Group in f ormation  used in create group oper ations.
GROUP_INFO_UPDATE Group in f ormation  used in update group oper ations.
SOD_EXCEPTION_EXPIRY Expiry settings  for requested e x ceptions  to SoD rules.
ROLE_VALIDITY De fines  the start and end times  for role entitlemen ts.
Cr eating  resource attribut e  groups
To create a resource attribut e  group:
1.Navigate to the Resource attribut e  group de finition  page  (on page 667). 1.
2.Type a unique ID and Description . 2.
3.Select one or more resource types to which you want to apply this group.3.
4.Click Add. 4.
Adding attribut e  group members
To add resource attribut es  to a resource attribut e  group:
1.From the Resource attribut e  group de finition  page  (on page 667), click the Members tab. 1.
2.Click Select... to see a list of all resource attribut es. 2.
3.Select or enable the checkboxes next to the resource attribut es  you want to include. 3.
4.Click Select . 4.
To remove resource attribut es  from the resource attribut e  group, enable the checkbox next to the
resource attribut e  and click Delete . If required c on firm  your actions  (on page 360).
Assigning read and write permissions
There must be at least one user group de fined  for Access to resource attribut es  before you can assign
read and write permissions for a resource attribut e  group.
To add a user group to control access to resource attribut e  groups:
1.Click Manage the system > Security  > Access to resource groups . 1.
2.Click Add new... 2.
3.Type a unique ID and Description . 3.
4.Click Add. 4.
5.Select the Membership Criteria tab. 5.
6.Select or create user classes to de fine  membership criteria. 6.
Membership of non-built-in user classes can be cached to improve performance. There are options  to
recalculate or invalidate the cache on the user class c on figur ation  page.In a replicated environment, cache rec alculation  can only be performed on the instance which runs
psupdate .
After  you have de fined  user groups, you can assign read and write permissions for a resource attribut e
group, either from the User group in f ormation  page, or the Resource attribut e  group de finition  page:
1.Select the Access control tab. 1.
2.If required, search to r e fine  the list of groups displayed on the page. 2.
3.Select Read and Write checkboxes as required. 3.
By default, the checkboxes indicate allowed permissions. If Bravura Security Fabric  is c on figur ed  to
display Allow and Deny columns, ensure that you select checkboxes in the appropriate columns.
4.Click Update . 4.
If you require product administrator s to be able to edit attribut es,  you must assign them both read and
write permissions.
Determining how attribut es  are displayed
To determine how the group’s attribut e  fields  are displayed to users:
1.From the Resource attribut e  group de finition  page  (on page 667), click the Display criteria tab. 1.
2.Determine the Display type . Select: 2.
▪Main – to display the group and its attribut es  on the main resource de finition  page. ▪
▪Subsidiary – to display the group’s attribut es  on a subsidiary page. ▪
▪None – to hide the group and its attribut es  from users. ▪
3.Click Update . 3.
To determine the order in which resource attribut es  within a group are listed:
1.From the Resource attribut e  group de finition  page  (on page 667), click the Members tab. 1.
2.Drag and drop one of the double dir ection  arrows in the ID field  to change the resource attribut es’ 2.
order in the list.
3.Click Update . 3.
Determining attribut e  group display order
To determine the order in which attribut e  groups are displayed to users:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Resource attribut e  groups . 1.
2.Click Order... . 2.
3.Drag and drop one of the double dir ection  arrows in the ID field  to change the attribut e  groups’ order 3.
in the list.
4.Click Update . 4.
Bravura Security Fabric  saves the changes to the attribut e  groups’ order.Part III User Groups and Rules