Click Next .
6.Update group descriptions  as necessary. 6.Click Next .
7.Assign or change the privileges assigned to each group.7.Click Next .
8.Update the team trustee’s group membership if necessary.8.9.Click Submit . 9.
Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  authorizers to review the request if required.
10. Click the View request link at the top of the page to view the status of the request. 10.
Once submitted  and approved, the group will be added or removed with the appropriate privileges that
were selected.
The request will not proceed if updating  a team results in none of the team groups having team trustee
privileges.
API aut omation  for team update
Once the API has been c on figur ed  (See "SOAP API” in Bravura Security Fabric  Remote API ( api.pdf )), and
your script has been authentic a t ed  to the API (Login or LoginEx API calls), the WF API calls can be used to
create an API request to update a team.
Use the WFPDRSubmit function  to create a w orkflo w  request and submit the request for publishing.
When submitting  a request, use ”TEAM-UPDATE” as the PDR ID. At a minimum, the request requires the
following attribut es:
attrk e y value
TC The name of the team.
TC_DESC The description  of the team
TC_GROUPS The team group name(s).
*_PRIVILEGES The privileges  (on page 2140) for the team
group, where * is the team group name.
This needs to be de fined  for every team
group in TC_GROUPS.
*_MEMBERS The pr ofile  GUID of the user(s) for the
team group, where * is the team group
name. This only needs to be de fined  for
team groups with the Team_Trustees
privilege only.
Changes made will override e xisting  attribut e  values for the team. You will need to specify the e xisting
team groups, privileges and members in this request or it will be removed from the team.
TEAM-UPDATE batch request sample
"TC","TC_GROUPS","Group1_PRIVILEGES","Group2_PRIVILEGES","Group2_MEMBERS" 
"TEAM-000000","Group1,Group2","Team_Trustees,Vault_Trustees","Team_Trustees","5A8598FA-
BCB1-4C36-A504-03F1F0478138"
Deleting  a team
To delete a new team, log into Front-end (PSF) as a Team administrator and use the Team: Delete
request. When selected, a wizard will guide you through the process of deleting  a team.Before you can delete a team, the team trustee must remove all managed systems and accounts from the
team. This prevents managed systems and accounts from being orphaned with Bravura Security Fabric.
1.From the home page, click Manage resources . 1.
2.Click Team: Delete . 2.
3.Select the team to be deleted.3.Click Next .4. Con firm  the deletion  and add notes if necessary. 4.