Example: Disclose website access to a user using the web app privileged sign-on method
This example demonstrates how to disclose a website using the web app privileged sign-on disclosure
method.
Additional  requirements 
This example assumes that:
▪A managed account has been c on figur ed  to use the web app privileged sign-on disclosure method. ▪
▪A user is a member of the team with requester privileges.▪
▪The requester logs in to Bravura Security Fabric  using SSL (HTTPS). See SSL enforcement for details. ▪
▪The Bravura Security browser extension is installed on a Chrome browser.▪
Request, check out and disclose access
1.Using a Chrome browser Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as a user with requester privileges. 1.
2.Click Privileged access . 2.
3.Search and select the managed account.3.
4.Click Request check-out . 4.
5.Complete the request form and click Submit . 5.
6.Wait for approval as required through your or g aniz ation’ s  process. 6.
7.Click Ready to check out  from the left panel. 7.
8.Select the managed account to check out.8.
9.Click Check-out . 9.
10. Click Web app privileged sign-on . 10.
11. Search for, and select Con figur ation  file. 11.
12. Click Login .  12.
Pop-up blockers may prevent this feature from launching a new tab.
A new tab will be launched in a secure session, using the in f ormation  in the website disclosure
c on figur ation.
Example: Audit recorded sessions
Additional  requirements This example assumes that a  vault account has been checked out with the secure browser disclosure
method, cr eating  a recorded session.
Only screenshots are recorded.
Configur e  session monitoring privileges
1.Log in to the front-end as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the system > Security  > Access to user pr ofiles  > Self-service rules . 2.
3.Select ALL_SELF_REQUEST.3.
4.Add the Manage recorded sessions  privilege. 4.
This will give all users the manage recorded sessions privilege. If you require specific  users from a user
class to have access to the Session Monitor app, create a new self-service rule.
5.Click Update . 5.
6.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies 6.
7.Select the managed system policy:7.
▪ONBOARDED_ACCOUNTS for onboarded accounts▪
▪VAULT_MSP for team vault accounts▪
▪SYSTEM_VAULT_MSP for system vault accounts▪
8.Click the Authorizers  tab. 8.
9.Specify authorizers in Search recorded sessions  and Download recorded sessions  and/or View 9.
recorded sessions.
10. Click  Update. 10.
Audit recorded sessions:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as an end user with session monitoring privileges. 1.
2.Click Session monitor  under PRIVILEGED ACCESS TO MANAGED SYSTEMS. 2.
The Session monitor app opens.
3.Search for and select the session to view.3.
4.Click Request view to request view access to the session. 4.
Sessions can be in-process, in which case a short delay exists.
5.Click Request download  to submit a request to download the package. 5.
Searching, viewing, and downloading sessions are separate privileges that can be granted.
To revoke access while viewing an in-progress session
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  asa help desk user with session monitoring and check-in access 1.
privileges.s.
The Session monitor app opens.
2.Search for and select the vault account session.2.3.Click View . 3.
4.Click Check in access . 4.
5. Con firm  the check in. 5.
SSL enforcement for secure browser
By default, users can only use web app privileged sign-on or secure browser disclosures if accessing
Bravura Security Fabric  using SSL (HTTPS). If the insecure HTTP method is used, the user will see a "This
disclosure enforces SSL" message and will not be able to access the website disclosure c on figur ation.  This
behavior is controlled by the PAM WEBAPP ENFORCE SSL system variable.
T r oubleshooting
Issue: Unable to connect to site using secure browser
Fix: Update external address 
Method 1:
On the instance server, open the Windows Registry Editor and Update the registry under HKLM
\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\<instance>\, add new String Value:
serveraddressexternal= <IP>.
Method 2:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser. 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Maintenance > Database r eplic ation . 2.
3.Select the node.3.
4.Update External address  to <IP> . 4.
5.Restart the Database Service.5.Privilege P attern:  Customize pr e-de fined  requests
In most cases the pr e-de fined  requests provided with Bravura Privilege P attern  will be sufficien t.
However, administrators can customize which pr ofile  and request attribut es  are exposed in the pr e-
de fined  requests by editing  ExtDB tables.
Example: Expose the ZONE attribut e
When onboarding a system using the Onboard System PDR there may be times  an or g aniz ation  requires a
connector proxy in order to connect to the system being onboarded. The built-in, optional  Zone attribut e
is used to associate connector proxy server in f ormation  with an onboarded system. By default, this
attribut e  is not exposed.
This example demonstrates how to expose the ZONE attribut e  to allow a system trustee to specify a Zone
associated with a connector proxy during the onboard system process.
Requirements
This example assumes:
▪RefBuild.pam_team_management is installed.▪
▪Scenario.pam_system_type_winnt is installed.▪
▪A team administrator has been c on figur ed. ▪
▪A team, with a system trustee, has been c on figur ed. ▪
Expose the ZONE attribut e
1.Log in as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage external data store . 2.
3.Select the hid_global_c on figur ation  table. 3.
4.Add an entry for Zone attribut e  to be exposed: 4.
▪Namespace : pam_pdr_onboard_system ▪
▪ Setting : OPTIONAL_ATTRS ▪
▪Key: ▪
▪Value : ZONE ▪
5.Click Update . 5.6.Click Manage external data store . 6.
7.Select the pam_zone_inventory table.7.
8.Add an entry to populate the Zone attribut e  in PDR. 8.
Zone : Proxy for Non-domain servers
ProxyList : <Proxy IP address>/<port the service is listening on>
The <Proxy IP address> must be the IP address of a server hosting  the Connector Proxy service. The
<port the service is listening on> must be the port specified  for the Connector Proxy server during
ins t allation;  by default, this is TCP port 3344.
9.Click Update . 9.
Test the onboard system PDR
1.Log in as a system trustee.1.
2.Click Manage resources. 2.
3.Click System: Onboard . 3.
4.Select the System Type  and click  Next . 4.
The Zone attribut e  is available.5.Select the Zone required.5.
6.Click Submit . 6.
Once the request has been approved, the system will be onboarded.
Example: Expose the USE_MANAGED_CREDENTIALS attribut e
This example demonstrates how to expose the USE_MANAGED_CREDENTIALS attribut e  so a system
trustee does not need to manually enter the system's cr edentials  when onboarding a system; instead a
Bravura Privilege managed account will be used, and when that managed account’s password is updated
by Bravura Privilege, the cr edentials  used by the onboarded system will be too.
Requirements
This example assumes:
▪An AD Target has been c on figur ed  as a managed system ▪
▪An AD Target has been c on figur ed  as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪Auto discovery has been run.▪
▪RefBuild.pam_team_management is installed.▪
▪Scenario.pam_system_type_winnt is installed.▪
▪A team administrator has been c on figur ed. ▪
▪A team, with a system trustee has been c on figur ed. ▪
1.Log in as superuser.1.
2.Click Manage the System > Privileged Access -> Managed System policies. 2.3.Select the PRODUCT_ADMIN_ACCOUNTS managed system policy.3.
4.Click the Member systems  tab. 4.
5.Click Add new.... 5.
6.Select the AD managed system.6.
7.Click Select . 7.
8.Click the Managed accounts  tab. 8.
9.Click Add new... . 9.
10. Select an account that can be used as target administrator for the onboarded systems. 10.
11. Click Select . 11.
12. Click Home. 12.
13. Click Manage external data store . 13.
14. Select the hid_global_c on figur ation  table. 14.
15. Add an entry for the USE_MANAGED_CREDENTIAL attribut e  to be exposed: 15.
▪Namespace : pam_pdr_onboard_system ▪
▪ Setting : OPTIONAL_ATTRS ▪
▪Key: ▪
▪Value :USE_MANAGED_CREDENTIAL ▪
16. Click Update . 16.
17. Update the following entry in the hid_global_c on figur ation  table to match the Value  of the managed 17.
system policy you c on figur ed  above:
▪Namespace : pam_system_management ▪
▪ Setting : MANAGED_ADMIN_CREDENTIAL_POLICY ▪
▪Key: ▪
▪Value : PRODUCT_ADMIN_ACCOUNTS (or any other MSP which is applied to the managed target ▪
admin account)
Test the System: Onboard PDR
1.Log in as a system trustee.1.
2.Click Manage resources. 2.
3.Click System: Onboard . 3.
4.Select the System Type  and click Next. 4.
The option  to select Connect using managed account  is available.Part VIII IDENTITYPart I User Provisioning
User provisioning involves cr eating ,  maintaining, and t erminating  (or deprovisioning) users’ access to IT
systems. In Bravura Security Fabric , user provisioning services are provided by Bravura Identity .
Bravura Identity  simplifies  and automates the r outine  tasks of managing users across multiple  systems.
You can c on figur e  Bravura Identity  to allow users to use the web interface to:
▪Create and delete accounts▪
▪Change the enabled / disabled status of e xisting  accounts ▪
▪Change the login ID of an e xisting  account (rename user) ▪
▪Read and set attribut es  of e xisting  user accounts ▪
▪Modify membership in security groups▪
▪Change the context of a user in a structured directory▪
▪Request and assign inventory items▪
▪Assign required resources to a set of users▪
▪Apply segr eg ation  of duties  rules and grant e x ceptions  to the rules ▪
The user provisioning feature works with the following softw ar e:
Softw ar e Purpose
View and update pr ofile  (IDR) module Empowers users to request access changes for
themselves or for other users.
Help users (IDA) module Allows help desk users to make changes to users’
access.
Requests app Enables users to view the status of their requests, and
authorizers to review, then approve or deny requests.
W orkflo w  Manager Service Receives requests for authoriz ation  w orkflo w .
In most cases, user provisioning requests made through
self-service require approval before they can be
completed.
Account cr eation
Bravura Identity  can create accounts when new users are added, or for e xisting  user pr ofiles.  In general,
the account cr eation  process works as follows when a new user pr ofile  is added in Bravura Identity :
1.A requester logs into the Bravura Security Fabric  web applic ation  and selects a menu item which 1.
allows him or her to create a new user pr ofile.  Depending on your current settings  or permissions
Bravura Identity  might display a pr e-de fined  request selection.
Bravura Identity  displays a form to collect user pr ofile  in f ormation.
2.The requester types attribut e  values for the user; for example, the fir s t name and last name. 2.
Bravura Identity  composes the new user’s Pr ofile  ID according to a c on figur able  standard.