▪webappjson_search  By default, the user checking out the managed account has the ability to search ▪
and select a desired website applic ation.
The logutil utility  cannot capture pswxwebapp plugin activity
Con figuring  global access disclosure options
You c on figur e  access disclosure plugins globally, and then override settings  and behavior for diff er en t
managed system policies if necessary. Attribut es  control the behavior of the access disclosure plugins.
Getting  started
To c on figur e  system-wide access disclosure options:
1.Click Manage the system > Privileged access > Access disclosure plugins . 1.
2.To de fine  a: 2.
▪New access disclosure plugin– click Add new… . ▪
▪ Existing  access disclosure plugin– select the plugin you want to view or modify. ▪
You can now:
▪ De fine  common access disclosure parameters. ▪
▪Modify attribut es  that control disclosure ▪
▪Add attribut es  that control disclosure ▪
De fining  access disclosure plugins
You can add custom access disclosure plugins to make them available to managed system policies. For
each access disclosure plugin, you can c on figur e  one or more attribut es  that modify the behavior of the
plugin.
To de fine  common parameters for an access disclosure plugin:
1.Navigate to the access disclosure plugin c on figur ation  (on page 2011) page 1.
2.Set the access disclosure plugin options  as described in Table De fining  access disclosure plugins  (on 2.
page 2011).
For e xisting  plugins, it is recommended that you only modify Description  or the options  to
aut omatic ally  add this plugin to new managed system policies.
3.Click Update to modify an e xisting  plugin, or Add new… to add a new plugin. 3.
Access disclosure plugin global options
Option Description
ID Aut omatic ally  generated ID
Filename The filename  of the access disclosure plugin. The file must either be deployed
to client w ork s t ations  or located in the \<instance>\wwwdocs\ directory on the
Bravura Security Fabric serverOption Description
Class ID The GUID of the access disclosure plugin. This is not applicable for Guacamole
access disclosure plugins.
Activ eX  server/type The server name of the access disclosure plugin. This is not applicable for
Guacamole access disclosure plugins
Version The version of the access disclosure plugin
Description The plugin description  presented to users
Notes Additional  details about this plugin to be displayed under the description
Allow this as a selectable option
for group set setsCheck to make group sets selectable during managed system policy
c on figur ation
Allow this as a selectable option
for current passwordsCheck to make current passwords selectable during managed system policy
c on figur ation
Allow this as a selectable option
for old passwordsCheck to make old passwords selectable during managed system policy
c on figur ation
Allow this as a selectable option
for SSHkeysCheck to make SSH keys selectable during managed system policy c on figur ation
Aut omatic ally  enable for group
set sets on new managed
system policiesNew managed system policies created will include this plugin to access the
current group sets
Aut omatic ally  enable for
current passwords on new
managed system policiesNew managed system policies created will include this plugin to access the
current privileged password
Aut omatic ally  enable for old
passwords on new managed
system policiesNew managed system policies created will include this plugin to access old
privileged passwords
Aut omatic ally  enable for SSH
keys on new managed system
policiesNew managed system policies created will include this plugin to access
privileged accounts using SSH keys
De fining  access disclosure attribut es
You can add or modify attribut es  to customize the plugin behavior.
To de fine  access disclosure plugin attribut es:
1.Navigate to the access disclosure plugin c on figur ation  (on page 2011) page 1.
2.Select to update and modify an e xisting  plugin, or Add new... to add a new plugin 2.
access disclosure plugin attribut e  options
Option Description
Name The name of the plugin attribut e. Cannot  be modified  after  attribut e  has been
added.
Description The description  of the plugin attribut e.Option Description
Type Choose the plugin attribut e  type:
▪Binary▪
▪Boolean▪
▪GUID▪
▪Integer▪
▪String▪
Cannot be modified  after  attribut e  has been added.
User access Sets the options  that a user has for the attribut e:
Locked The user can see the control but not modify it
Override allowed The user can modify the value
Hidden The control is hidden from the user
When at least one attribut e  for a plugin allows override, end users can save
sessions with their preferred values.
Allowing override for an attribut e  pot entially  allows users to modify options
in such away to exploit and expose the password in f ormation.  The option
should be used with c aution  and only when absolutely required.
If the Override allowed user access was set but revoked later on, any
previous changes made to the attribut e  by the user will be removed in favor
of the global attribut e  value. If this user access is re-enabled, the user -
de fined  attribut e  value will be regained.
Default value Use only if the user does not override the value, or it is not overridden at the
managed system policy level.
Allowed values (comma-delimited
list)A restricted list of values that the attribut e  value can take. This option  is only
displayed for type integer and strings.
Value must match this regular
expressionA value must be validated with this regular expression in order for the plugin
to be enabled. This option  is only displayed for type integer and strings.
Minimum If set, no value can be less than the value set. This option  is only displayed for
type integer.
Maximum IIf set, no value can be more than the value set. This option  is only displayed
for type integer.
Value is required If checked, a value must be set in order for the plugin to be enabled. This
option  is only displayed for type integer and strings.
You can override these default settings  on the managed system policy level. See Overriding global
settings  in managed system policies  (on page 1852).
Con figuring  string plugin attribut e  values
All access disclosure plugin attribut es  of type String  can be de fined  with variables. You can de fine
discovered system attribut e  values in this manner.
To use the discovered system attribut e  as-is, simply enter the following in the attribut e’ s  Default value
field:         % <attribute name> % 
For example, the default domain value for a remote desktop plugin is:
         %netBIOSDomainName% 
String attribut es  can be manipulated by using the following syntax:
         %k:(start position):(end position):<attribute name>% 
For example:
        %netBIOSDomainName% = corporate.domain 
 
        %k:3:12:netBIOSDomainName% = porate.dom 
 
        %username% = CORP\account00 
 
        %k:5:username% = account00 
Cloning access disclosure plugins
In some scenarios, it may be desirable to have multiple  instances of the same access disclosure plugin but
with diff er en t  settings;  for example:
1.Some end users like to use a PuTTY terminal; others prefer Tera Term.1.
2.A product administrator de fines  two disclosure plugins; one for PuTTY , one for Tera Term. 2.
3.The PSW disclosure plugin dynamically selects which disclosure plugin to display to an end user using3.
a request or pr ofile  attribut e.
Product administrators can create new instances of the same access disclosure plugin by cloning.
To clone an access disclosure plugin:
1.Navigate to the access disclosure plugin c on figur ation  (on page 2011) page 1.
2.Select to update and modify an e xisting  plugin. 2.
3.Click Clone . 3.
4.Specify a description  and modify other options  as needed. 4.
5.Click Add. 5.
When using the pswdisclosure script, you will need to know the new disclosure plugin’s ID in order for
it to be available to the plugin.
▪You can also clone access disclosure plugins in managed system policies. See Cloning access disclosure ▪
plugins  (on page 1853).
▪You can set up access disclosure plugins to allow end users to save sessions with their preferred▪
settings.  See Enabling saved sessions  (on page 2015).Enabling saved sessions
In scenarios where end users can override disclosure plugin attribut es,  they may want to save their
modified  values as a saved session ; for example if they want to:
▪Specify a webpage to log into with a directory account▪
▪Specify an RDP destination  to log into with a directory account ▪
▪Choose a s yn thetic  attribut e  that expresses a common set of values that will be used to gain access to ▪
a system
This allows end users to save their preferences, improves usability and reduces the likelihood of error. It
also requires less adminis tr ativ e  work than cloning.
To enable users to save sessions for a disclosure plugin, at least one attribut e  must be set to allow
overrides  (on page 2012), on either the global or managed-system-policy level.
This capability is not available for Copy, Display, or Run command plugins.
The Functional.pam_sa v ed_session_policy  component allows administrators to c on figur e  global saved
sessions that are available for all end users.
To learn how to save sessions as an end user, see Saving sessions in the end user documen t ation .
Con figuring  pam_saved_session_policy
To c on figur e  saved session policies:
1.Install the Functional.pam_sa v ed_session_policy  component. 1.
2.Click Manage external data store  to edit the following tables in the external data store ( extdb ): 2.
▪pam_saved_session_policy▪
De fine  the policy to apply the saved session.
▪ pam_sa v ed_session_action▪
De fine  the saved session to apply to the selected policy.
If the saved session overrides multiple  disclosure attribut es,  then an entry needs to be created for
each disclosure attribut e  that will be modified.
If there are multiple  entries with the same SavedSessionName value, those entries will be treated as the
same saved session.
If there are multiple  entries with the same SavedSessionName value but diff er en t  SavedSessionCategory
and SavedSessionNotes values, the value from the latest entry will be used (unless the value is empty).
If any entries are modified  or added to an e xisting  saved session, end-users will need to remove the
e xisting  saved session from the Privileged Access App in order to use the saved session with the updated
settings.Filter policy and action  tables
Disclosure filt er  logic is stored within two external data store (extdb) tables; pam_disclosur e_filt er_policy
and pam_disclosur e_filt er_action.  The action  table stores each type of disclosure method installed and
the plugin that they activ a t e.  The policy table is where rules determine which disclosure methods are
available to a user when they request a password. These disclosure methods can be restricted based on
the platform  type of the managed account, the recipient’s user class or group membership or on a
variety of other attribut es.
Disclosure Filter Policy and Action  Tables
The policy and action  tables are in a linked design and rely on each other to deliver disclosure options  to
requesters. The disclosure filt er  policy table is used to provide access to disclosure options,  whereas the
associated disclosure filt er  action  table is used to set specific  attribut es  of the disclosure options
(timeouts  and so on)
Bravura Privilege  executes all actions  that reference (via a foreign key) a policy that passes. This design
allows a user to c on figur e  a single policy that activ a t es  one or more disclosure plugins.
Not all columns in a policy or action  table rule have to be populated, only the ones the rule purpose
requires. If multiple  columns are populated for the rule, the c ondition  is an AND, whereby all c onditions
of the rules must be true for the rule to trigger its action.  If OR logic is needed, add separate rules for
each c ondition  requirement.
Like all policy tables, the last policy that passes wins. If you have c on flicting  actions,  the last one
overwrites any previous c on flicting  actions.
Policy Engine Glossary
▪Wildcard Field▪
A text field  that supports wildcard matching uses Unix filename  pattern  matching . The field  tests if the
variable and field  match. The following oper ations  can be used:
▪* - Match everything▪
▪? - Match a single character▪
▪[seq] - Matches any character in seq▪
▪[!seq] - Matches any character not in seq▪
▪Expression Field▪
An expression that will determine the value of the field  when Bravura Privilege  evaluates the field.
The Mako  t emplating  language is used and all data is stored in the obj_data variable.
These expressions are commonly used for building group names, for example, “ applic ation_$
{obj_da t a.acc oun t.acctid}_vie w ” .
Disclosure Filter Policy Table
Each table in the external data store ( extdb ) has c onfiguration  options  that only product administrators
with all adminis trative  privileges (superuser) can modify. Superusers can access the c onfiguration  optionsby clicking on the plus (+) symbol located below the table. See External data store Table c onfiguration
options  (on page 1171)for details.
The following table outlines the supported options  and usage of the fields  in the
pam_disclosur e_filt er_policy  <estdb> table.
Field Supports Description Input
StageNumber Integer The grouping stage number used to determine
the ordering of sets of rules.required,
not NULL
RuleNumber Integer The rule number used to determine the
e v aluation  order of rules within a stage.required,
not NULL
SkipRemaining Combo Box Use this column to skip e v aluation  of some of
the remaining rules. One of:
▪‘Stage’: When this rule matches, skip▪
e v aluation  of all remaining rules in the
current stage. Rules in other stages will
c ontinue  to be evaluated.
▪‘All’: When this rule matches, skip▪
e v aluation  of all remaining rules in all
remaining stages.optional
Comment Text Rule description. optional
FilterID Text The ID for the filt er  that is used by the action
table.required,
not NULL
Oper ation Text,
ExpressionOper ation  of request, or an expression to
evaluate.optional
PlatformT ype Text,
Wildcard,
ExpressionThe platform  type of the target. For example,
Windows Server, Linux, Oracle.optional
optionalMSPID Text,
Wildcard,
ExpressionThe managed system policy ID that the
requested privileged access is managed
under..
To future-proof policies avoid using this
column.optional
ClientIPCIDR Text,
ExpressionThe CIDR mask to test against the user’s IP
address.optional
AccountID Text,
Wildcard,
ExpressionThe account ID.
Only usable for account checkouts.optional
AccountTargetID Text,
Wildcard,
ExpressionThe Target ID associated with the account.
Only usable for account checkouts.optional
RecipientUserclass Text,
ExpressionSingle-participan t  user class to evaluate for
recipient membership.optionalField Supports Description Input
RequesterUserclass Text,
ExpressionSingle-participan t  user class to evaluate for
requester membership.
Note:  The recipient generally is tested for
disclosure filt er  policies, not the requester.optional
GroupFQNrecipientMembershipTargetID Text,
ExpressionThe Target ID of the managed account group
de fined  in GroupFQNrecipientMembership.optional
GroupFQNrecipientMembership Text,
ExpressionThe Group ID to which the recipient belongs.
Requires
GroupFQNrecipientMembershipTargetID to be
de fined.
Group short ids are also accepted.optional
GroupFQNrequesterMembershipTargetID Text,
ExpressionThe Target ID associated with the managed
group de fined  in
GroupFQNrequesterMembership.optional
GroupFQNrequesterMembership Text,
ExpressionThe group ID of the requester. Requires
GroupFQNrequesterMembershipTargetID to
be de fined.
Only usable for account checkouts.
To future-proof policies avoid using this
columnoptional
R eques tAttribut eBoolT rue Text,
ExpressionThe Pr ofile  or Request Attribut e  ID which
should have its truth value evaluated. If
de fined,  this will match if the attribut e  is set
to True. If the attribut e  is False or unde fined,
the rule will not apply.optional
R eques tAttribut eBoolF alse Text,
ExpressionThe Pr ofile  or Request Attribut e  ID which
should have its truth value evaluated. If
de fined,  this will match if the attribut e  is set
to False. If the attribut e  is True or unde fined,
the rule will not apply.optionalField Supports Description Input
Attribut eT ype Combo Box De fines  what the attribut e  de fined  by
Attribut eID  is associated with. One of:
▪‘Account’: check against the Account ID▪
being requested
▪‘Discovered System’: check against▪
Discovered System attribut es
▪‘Target’: check against the Target ID on▪
which the account is being managed
▪‘Request’: check against the Request▪
Attribut e  ID
▪‘Viewer’: check against a viewers pr ofile  or ▪
request attribut es
▪‘Resource Managed Account’: check▪
against a managed account
▪‘Resource Managed System’: check against▪
a managed systemoptional
Attribut eID Text,
ExpressionThe Attribut e  ID. Requires Attribut e  Type to be
de fined.optional
Attribut eV alue Text,
Wildcard,
ExpressionThe value of attribut e  de fined  in Attribut eID .
Requires Attribut eT ype  and Attribut eID  to be
de fined.optional
UTCStartTime Text,
ExpressionThe start time  that a rule should be applied.
Requires UTCFinishedTime to be de fined.optional
UTCFinishedTime Text,
ExpressionThe end time  that a rule should be applied.
Requires UTCStartTime to be de fined.optional
The ComponentOwnerFQN  field,  included in all external data store tables, shows the name of the
component providing specific  rows to a table.Disclosure Filter Action  Table
Each table in the external data store ( extdb ) has c onfiguration  options  that only product administrators
with all adminis trative  privileges (superuser) can modify. Superusers can access the c onfiguration  options
by clicking on the plus (+) symbol located below the table. See External data store Table c onfiguration
options  (on page 1171)for details.
The following table outlines the supported options  and usage of the fields  in the
pam_disclosur e_filt er_action  extdb  table.
Field Supports Description Input
ActionID Text Unique number used to determine the e v aluation
order of actions.required, not
NULL
FilterID Foreign Key The corresponding disclosure filt er  policy FilterID
to link this action  to.required, not
NULL
DisclosureID Text,
ExpressionThe GUID for the access disclosure plugin that
corresponds to the one this action  uses. The list
can be found under Manage the system >
Privileged access > Access disclosure plugins.required, not
NULL
Attribut eName Text,
ExpressionThe disclosure plugin attribut e  name. optional
Attribut eV alue Text,
ExpressionThe attribut e  value to set the disclosure plugin
attribut e  specified  in Attribut eName.optional
Attribut eCalculationFunction Text The callback function  to execute.
Callback functions  are small scripts used to
modify the disclosure attribut es  directly.
(Callback functions  may be removed in a future
release, use only if necessary)
A Python function,  contained in a script file, that
provides additional  plugin attribut es  and values.
The script file must be de fined  in the
<instance>componentCallbacks directory.optional
Attribut eR equir ed Boolean Set to True to make Attribut eName  and
Attribut eV alue  required.optional
Ne wDescription Text Override for the disclosure description. optional
Comment Text Rule description. optional
The ComponentOwnerFQN  field,  included in all external data store tables, shows the name of the
component providing specific  rows to a table.
Disclosure Filter Policy Examples
Adding a new disclosure to a checkout: