b.Click OK to c on firm  your action. b.
or
Unmanage the target system:
a.Select the target system you want to remove (de fined  by Target ID for manually de fined  or GUID a.
for aut omatic ally  discovered).
b.Select target system you want to remove.b.
c.Deselect the Aut omatic ally  create a Privileged Access Manager managed system box. c.
d.Click Update . d.
WARNING! It is strongly recommended that you back up all passwords and their
password histories before deleting  a target system that is a managed
system.
If you added managed system s on an Activ e  Directory domain aut omatic ally  via auto discovery , and you
removed a computer from the domain, the managed system  associated is not removed during the next
update, but is instead flag g ed  as deleted. Import rules should be c on figur ed  for system r esolution  and
HISTORICAL_DATA_GRP policy assignment.
Local service mode behaviors and files
Con figur ation  files
When the Local W ork s t ation  Service is installed on the system, it fir s t attemp ts  to register with the
Bravura Privilege  server. After  it has contacted the Bravura Privilege  server for the fir s t time,  it retrieves
c on figur ation  settings  from the Bravura Privilege  server. The service saves the settings  in a c on figur ation
file, hipamlwsinst.dat , in the hipamlws directory.
Learn more about the c on figur ation  files here  (on page 248).
Resource key
Bravura Privilege  uses a key to ensure secure c ommunic ation  between client and server. The key allows
the Bravura Privilege  server to verify the identity  of a local service mode managed system, and to check
whether the managed system is allowed to interact with the server. It also allows the Bravura Privilege
service to c on firm  the identity  of the Bravura Privilege  server. This key is neg otia t ed  and set during the
ins t allation  process of the Local W ork s t ation  Service.
Bravura Privilege  also uses a key to encrypt sensitiv e  data, such as passwords, passed to the Local
W ork s t ation  Service. This key is changed periodically. The number of days this key is valid for is controlled
by the RESOURCE KEY CHANGE INTERVAL setting.
If this encr yption  key is mismatched, the Bravura Privilege  will r eneg otia t e  a new key to the Local
W ork s t ation  Service and the data will be resent using the new key.Setting  the resource key change interval
Set the RESOURCE KEY CHANGE INTERVAL to control the interval, in days, after  which w ork s t ation  keys
are changed. The default is 30 days.
You can set options  for each managed system policy in the Options  tab. Product administrator s with all
adminis tr ativ e  privileges (superuser) can set it globally in the Manage the system > Privileged access >
Options  menu. Group level settings  override global settings.  See Privileged access management options
(on page 1932) for more in f ormation.
User attribut e  updates
Changes made to user attribut es  on a local service mode managed system are updated on the next poll
of the Local W ork s t ation  Service. You can c on figur e  this so that some user attribut es  are updated less
frequently than the default poll time  of the Local W ork s t ation  Service.
Using a separate time  interval RES ATTRIBUTE UPDATE DELAY , you can control the delay in which the
user attribut es  will be updated. By default, the delay is set to 60 minutes.
Only user attribut es  specified  in RES DELAY UPDATE ATTRIBUTES are updated according to this time
interval, otherwise they are updated after  every poll. By default, the pwda (password age) user attribut e
is updated using the RES ATTRIBUTE UPDATE DELAY .
Cr eating  administrator accounts on target systems
When adding local service mode systems using import rules, Bravura Privilege  can create new cr edentials
on the systems in order to connect.
Connection  credentials  are not required. Bravura Privilege can also use no credentials.
If the administrator account cr eation  fails, Bravura Privilege  logs an appropriate error message, and
retries at the interval specified  by RES ADMIN CREATE RETRY INTERVAL .
By default, this interval is c on figur ed  for 1440 minutes. Product administrators with all adminis tr ativ e
privileges (superuser) can set the RES ADMIN CREATE RETRY INTERVAL system variable in the Manage
the system > Privileged access > Options  > Managed system policies  menu.
This setting  allows for minimal in t er v ention  where the failure is caused by an issue on the w ork s t ation,
for example, where a random password fails to meet local password policy requirements, and the issue
may be resolved on subsequent attemp ts.
If an import rule is misc onfigured,  for example with an invalid security group, before the firs t attemp t  to
create an administrator account, you may have to recreate the import rule. Some settings,  such as
security group, can only be set once per import rule.
See Privileged access management options  (on page 1932) for more in f ormation  about global managed
system policy options.Resynchronizing a local service mode system
Registered local service mode systems resynchronize themselves by regularly re-sending their system
details to the Bravura Privilege  instance server. Details sent include:
▪User lists▪
▪User attribut es ▪
▪Group lists▪
▪Group memberships▪
▪Computer attribut es ▪
R es ynchr oniz ation  is a recovery mechanism in case the Bravura Privilege  instance server is missing or has
c on flicting  data compared to the local service mode system. R es ynchr oniz ation  will often  be sufficien t  in
c orr ecting  any discrepancies. In the event that r es ynchr oniz ation  does not immediately correct
discrepancies, such as database errors, it can reset the data once the source issue has been corrected.
R es ynchr oniz ation  is aut omatic ally  triggered as c on figur ed  by the RES RESYNC INTERVAL. However, you
may occasionally need to resynchronize manually. To do this:
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed systems . 1.
2.Select the managed system  you want to manage. 2.
3.Click Resynchronize . 3.
When res ynchroniz ation  is running – that is, the system is in resync mode – normal operations  are
paused and import rules are disabled.
R es ynchr oniz ation  and tr ansaction  failures
The Bravura Privilege  instance server will request a r es ynchr oniz ation  when a data tr ansaction  from the
local service mode system fails. R es ynchr oniz ation  retries will occur as required.
R es ynchr oniz ation  and r eplic ation  failures
In a replicated environment, only one node communicates directly with local service mode systems.
R es ynchr oniz ation  will take place as scheduled aut omatic ally  or manually, and the r esulting  state will be
replicated to other nodes.Managed system policies
A managed system policy is a container for managed systems and other policies. A system must be a
member of a policy before it can be managed by Bravura Security Fabric .
Managed system policies control:
▪User access to managed systems▪
▪Password strength rules▪
▪Password change intervals▪
▪External program triggers▪
▪Which accounts can be managed and by whom▪
▪Temporary group membership access▪
▪access disclosure plugins▪
Set up policies to suite your requirements; for example according to or g aniz ational  structure, physical
loc ation,  or security level.
See also: 
In order to manage cr edentials  for a managed system, you must fir s t add it to the Bravura Security Fabric
database. The way that you add a managed system depends on how it will be managed. See Managed
systems  (on page 1815) for details.
Built-in policies
Push/Local service mode built-in policies
The following managed system policies are available when Bravura Privilege  is installed. The Bravura
Privilege P attern  does not utiliz e  these manage system policies by default.
▪PULL_ADM_GRP secures access to adminis tr ativ e  accounts on local service mode Windows systems. ▪
This policy has a complex default password policy.
▪PULL_SVC_GRP secures access to service accounts on local service mode Windows systems. ▪
This policy has a complex default password policy.
▪PUSH_ADM_GRP secures access to adminis tr ativ e  accounts on push mode Windows systems. ▪
This policy has a complex default password policy.
▪PUSH_SVC_GRP secures access to service accounts on push mode Windows systems ▪
This policy has a semi-complex default password policy.
▪VAULT_ADM_GRP secures access to adminis tr ativ e  accounts on push mode systems and provides the ▪
IT_SEC_USERS user group pre-approved privileges to check out accounts.
This policy has a semi-complex default password policy.
You must enable default policies by binding them to a Privileged Access Manager Service. Choose a
Service ID from the Managed by drop-down menu on the Managed system policy in f ormation  page, thenclick Update . Passwords must be randomized before users can check out account access. See Enabling
managed system policies  (on page 1837) for more in f ormation.
VAULT_ADM_GRP
The VAULT_ADM_GRP  managed system policy is pr ec on figur ed  for managing adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials
on push mode target systems. This policy provides the IT_SEC_USERS  user group pre-approved privileges
to check out accounts from this policy.
By default, IT security users are not able to override or randomize the passwords for the managed
accounts in this policy. You must c on figur e  the permissions for IT security users to allow this. The Bravura
Privilege P attern  does not utiliz e  this managed system policy by default.
Historical data policy
The HISTORICAL_DATA_GRP  managed system policy is available by default when you install Bravura
Security Fabric . This policy provides access to managed systems and accounts that no longer belong to
any other policy.
Bravura Privilege  moves managed systems and accounts to the historical data policy aut omatic ally  when
they are unbound from any other managed system policy. If a managed system or account is again bound
to a managed system policy, they are aut omatic ally  removed from the historical data policy. If a managed
system is removed as a discovered target system , it will no longer be available in any managed system
policy.
Bravura Privilege  must have changed the password at least once to be moved to the historical data
policy.
The passwords for the managed accounts in this policy cannot be overridden or randomized.
This policy has fewer c on figur ation  options  than vault-only, local service or push mode policies.
Users are able to click the embedded link for the ID to find out that it was renamed and to see what it has
been renamed to.
Getting  started
 Requirements 
Product administrators with the "Create managed system policies"  adminis tr ativ e  privilege can create
and manage managed system policies . Product administrators with the "Manage managed system policies"
adminis tr ativ e  privilege can be granted permission to manage e xisting  managed system policies ; they must
also belong to a user group with assigned access controls.
Na vig ation  steps 
You use the Managed system policy in f ormation  page to c on figur e  the basic policy de finition,  and to
access additional  c on figur ation  settings.  To navigate to this page:
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies . 1.2.Search for, or select the managed system policy  you want to view or modify. 2.
Proceed to Enabling managed system policies  (on page 1837).
or
Click Add new … .
See Adding a managed system policy  (on page 1836) to learn how to add a new policy.
Adding a managed system policy
To add a managed system policy:
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed system policies . 1.
2.Click Add new … . 2.
3.Type a unique ID containing only ASCII characters, and a Description  of the policy. 3.
4.Select the Mode of service to use with this policy: 4.
▪Push mode▪
▪Local service mode▪
▪Vault-only▪
5.For push mode policies with the password or SSH key authentic ation  type, set the Scope of password 5.
s ynchr oniz ation :
▪No password s ynchr oniz ation  – Managed accounts within this policy may have diff er en t ▪
passwords.
▪Synchronize all accounts in policy – All managed accounts within this policy will be synchronized to ▪
have the same password.
▪Synchronize accounts with same ID All managed accounts with the same ID within this policy will ▪
be synchronized to have the same password.
6.Select the Privileged Access Manager Service in the Managed by list. This is the service that will 6.
manage systems in this policy.
The service ID is aut omatic ally  generated when Bravura Security Fabric  is installed. There may be
more than one if Bravura Security Fabric  has been installed on multiple  nodes using either a shared
schema, or in r eplic ation.
7.Select the Authentic ation  type to use during check-out and check-in: 7.
▪Group set (available for push mode and local service mode only▪
▪Password▪
▪SSH key (available for push mode only)▪
Con figur ation  options  for the managed system policy become available depending on the
authentic ation  types selected. Authentic ation  types cannot be removed if there are managed
accounts or group sets c on figur ed  for the policy.
(on page 1808)
8.For vault-only mode policies, select Enforce password policy to have the option  to c on figur e  a 8.
password policy for this specific  managed system policy. If left deselected, the Password policy tab
will be hidden, and a password policy requiring only at least one character is applied.9.If managed system and managed account import rules are de fined,  you can associate them with new 9.
push- or local-service-mode policies by selecting  them in the import rules section.
10. Click Add. 10.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays warnings 
  about setup requirements that you must meet before
you can reset passwords on member systems.
 Next: 
Con figur e  the policy as outlined on this page.
Changing a managed system policy’s owner
When you add a new managed system policy, you are the owner by default. The owner of a managed
system policy may edit the policy’s settings,  as long as they are in a user group that has the View
pr operties  for this policy access control for that policy.
To change the owner of the managed system policy:
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.From the General tab, search for a new owner. 2.
All the listed users are product administrator  s that have the ”Manage managed system policies”
adminis tr ativ e  privilege.
3.Select the new owner.3.
4.Click Update 4.
Enabling managed system policies
Push mode and local service mode policies must be managed by a Bravura Privilege  service in order to
manage passwords or group membership. Push mode policies must be managed by a Bravura Privilege
service in order to manage passwords.
You must update default policies to bind them to a service. On the Managed system policy in f ormation
page, choose a Service ID from the Managed by  drop-down menu on the Managed system policy
in f ormation  page, then click Update .
Once managed system policies  are managed by a service, you must do the following:
▪ De fining  member systems  (on page 1838). ▪
▪ De fining  managed accounts  (on page 1839) to determine which passwords Bravura Privilege  will ▪
manage on member systems.
▪ De fining  group sets  (on page 1841) to determine which groups Bravura Privilege  will grant temporary ▪
access to on member systems.
▪ Attaching  authorizers to managed system policies  (on page 1847) to allow users to request access on ▪
member systems. to be handled by the authoriz ation  w orkflo w  system.
▪ De fining  access disclosure plugins  (on page 1849) to determine how Bravura Privilege  provides users ▪
with access to a managed account. Enabling and disabling r andomiz ation  and check-outs 
Users can only check out the password for accounts belonging to a managed system policy once the
accounts’ passwords have been randomized. You can either wait for the managing service to poll the
system, or randomize password immediately to have the policy take e ff ect.
Account passwords do not need to be randomized in order to check out accounts using SSH key
authentic ation.
You can temporarily disable r andomiz ation  at any time,  which also checks in and blocks check-outs unless
you specify that check-outs are allowed.
De fining  member systems
A managed system must belong to at least one managed system policy in order for users to be able to
access or manage accounts for the system.
You de fine  policy membership for managed systems in several ways:
▪ Attaching  a target system from the Target system in f ormation  page ▪
▪ Attaching  discovered systems to policies ▪
▪Modifying membership via the Managed system policies menu ▪
▪Modifying membership via the Managed systems menu ▪
▪Using import rules to assign discovered managed systems.▪
See Import rules  (on page 2095) for more in f ormation  about de fining  import rules.
Attaching  a target system to a managed system policy
Once you have added a target system with the Aut omatic ally  create a Privileged Access Manager
managed system setting  enabled, you can attach  the system to a policy by clicking Policies at the bottom
of the Target system in f ormation  page.
Attaching  discovered systems to a managed system policy
Discovered systems include servers and w ork s t ations  found on an Activ e  Directory target system during
auto discovery, as well as systems with Local W ork s t ation  Service installed that have registered with the
Bravura Privilege  server.
To attach  discovered systems to policies:
1.Navigate to Manage the system > Resources > Discovered objects > Systems 1.
2.Select the discovered system to manage.2.
3.Click Manage. 3.
4.Select the managed system policy the discovered system will be bound to.4.
5.Click Select . 5.
6.Choose the appropriate template and c onnection  cr edentials. 6.
7.Click Apply . 7.See Discovered Objects  (on page 2088) for more in f ormation  about managing discovered objects.
Modifying memberships via the managed system policies menu
After  managed system s have been added, you can manually add or remove managed system s’ membership
to managed system policies .
You cannot remove managed system policy  membership for a managed system  if there are any passwords or
group sets checked-out from that system.
To modify managed system policy  membership by adding or removing managed system s:
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.Select the Member systems tab. 2.
3.Click Add new... to see the Managed systems page. 3.
4.Check the boxes next to the managed system s you want to add to the policy. 4.
Only managed system s matching the managed system policy ’s mode are listed.
5.Click Select . 5.
Modifying memberships via the managed systems menu
You can modify managed system policy  membership for a managed system  using the Managed systems
menu.
A managed system must belong to at least one managed system policy in order for users to be able to
access managed accounts or groups on the system.
To apply one or more managed system s to a managed system policy :
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Managed systems . 1.
2.Select the managed system you want to manage. 2.
3.Click Policies . 3.
4.Click Select... to view the list of available managed system policies . 4.
5.Check the boxes next to the policies you want to assign to the managed system . 5.
Only managed system policies  matching the managed system ’s mode are listed.
6.Click Select . 6.
De fining  managed accounts
You must add accounts to a managed system policy  to determine which passwords or SSH keys Bravura
Privilege  will manage on member systems. The managed system policy must have the password or SSH
key authentic ation  type in order to de fine  managed accounts.
The accounts are identified  by:
▪The account ID for a push mode managed system ▪
▪The login ID for a local service mode managed system ▪▪A unique ID that you de fine  for a vault-only managed system ▪
The number of accounts managed in a managed system policy  is represented by the Attached  accounts
column on the main Managed system policies page. This is the total number of managed accounts in the
policy. You can associate accounts with a managed system policy  in the following ways:
▪Manually, using the Managed system policies menu. ▪
▪ Attaching  discovered accounts to policies via the Manage the system > Resources > Discovered ▪
objects > Systems  menu.
▪Using import rules to assign discovered managed accounts.▪
You can only associate an account to a single managed system policy . If you try to attach  the managed
account to another managed system policy , it will be removed from the original managed system policy .
Ensure that you do not select a managed account for any other role, such as authorizer or workflo w
manager, in Bravura Privilege.
Manually adding an account
You can manually add an account to a managed system policy . To manually add an account:
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.Select the Managed accounts tab. 2.
3.Click Add new... 3.
Bravura Privilege  displays all available accounts and its associated member system.
4.Select the checkboxes for the account IDs you want to add, then click Select . 4.
Only t argeting  credentials  for managed systems can be managed accounts on a push mode policy. The
ability to manage any account is enabled when Bravura Privilege is included in the product license.
There are no res trictions  for vault-only policies.
Manually removing a managed account from a managed system policy
You can manually remove a managed account from a managed system policy . If an account does not belong
to any policy, it will be moved into the HISTORICAL_DATA_GRP policy where its passwords are stored. In
this state, the passwords are still accessible, but no longer randomized. Managed accounts can be
manually removed through their managed system policy  or their managed system .
If a managed account is currently checked out, then it cannot be removed from a managed system policy.
It is strongly recommended that you back up managed account passwords and their password histories
before removing a managed account from a managed system policy .
To remove a managed account from a managed system policy :
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
Alt ernativ ely ,  navigate to the Managed system in f ormation  page if removing the account from the
managed system instead.
2.Click the Managed accounts tab. 2.