Criteria Description
User ID Type the pr ofile  ID of the user for whom you want to
generate the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one
or more pr ofile  IDs.
User name Type the full name of the user for whom you want to
generate the report.
Users must have accounts on at least one of these target
systemsType a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs on which users must have accounts. Alt ernativ ely ,  you
can search for one or more target systems.
Target system group Select the target system groups that you want to add to
the report output.
Password e xpir ation  date Choose one of the following options  to de fine  a password
e xpir ation  date.
Date not required:  This is the default setting.  Password
in f ormation  is reported regardless of the e xpir ation  date.
Use r elativ e  date:
It is recommended that you use a r elativ e  date for
your date range when you schedule a report. This
ensures that the date range would be valid when
the schedule report executes.
Choosing Use r elativ e  date  makes a drop-down list
appear, which allows you to select the type of
r elativ e  date. A r elativ e  date is calculated based on
the day that the report is executed. The following
options  are available in the drop-down list:
All time  value ranges are from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
R elativ e  date options
Option Description
Current day The 24 hour period that the report is executed within,
from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
Current calendar week The current seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday August 1st to
Saturday August 7th.
Current month The current month from beginning to end, determined by
the day the report is executed. For example, if the reportCriteria Description
Option Description
is run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
August 1st to August 31st.
Current quarter The current quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
July 1st to September 30th.
Current year The current year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2010-01-01 to 2010-12-31.
Previous day The previous 24 hour period, from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59,
determined by the time  the report is executed.
Previous calendar week The previous seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday July 25th to
Saturday July 31st.
Previous month The previous month from beginning to end, determined
by the day the report is executed. For example, if the
report is run on August 3rd, then the date range would
be from July 1st to July 31st.
Previous quarter The previous quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is
run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
April 1st to June 30th.
Previous year The previous year based on when the report is executed.
For example, if the report is run on August 3rd, 2010,
then the date range would be 2009-01-01 to 2009-12-31.
Users are only included in the report if their password
expires within the selected r elativ e  date range.
Use selected date:
You can de fine  a specific  date range for your report.
The fir s t da t e/time  field  selects the earliest start
time  to include, and the second selects the latest.Criteria Description
The start time  is the time  that the report was
executed. To set a selected date range:
1.Click the upper da t e/time  field  to specify the 1.
start date and hour.
2.Type a start time  in HH:MM format if you do not 2.
want to start on the hour.
3.Click the lower da t e/time  field  to specify the end 3.
date and hour.
4.Type an end time  in HH:MM format if you do not 4.
want to start on the hour.
The allowed years range from 1970 to 2038
Users are only included in the report if their password
expires between the Earliest password e xpir ation  date
and Latest password e xpir ation  date.
Use within the last N days:  Users are only included in the
report if their password expired within the specified  last
number of days.Criteria Description
Use N or more days ago:  Users are only included in the
report if their password expired more than the specified
number of days ago.
Use within the next N days:  Users are only included in
the report if their password expires within the specified
next number of days.
Password e xpir ation  dates to display Select the types of password e xpir ation  dates that you
want to add to the report output.
Show all accounts If users have multiple  accounts, select this checkbox to
list the password change date, expiry date and status for
all accounts.
Implementers
Purpose:  Resources and associated oper ations  assigned to human implementers (not connectors).
Executable:  implementerreport
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Implementer type Select the implementer type:
▪Explicitly assigned▪
▪Assigned by user class▪
Implementer ID Type the pr ofile  ID of the implementer for whom you
want to run the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for
one or more pr ofile  IDs.
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs to only include accounts from those systems.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more target
systems.
Oper ation Select the oper ations  that you want to include. All
oper ations  are included by default.
This is only shown when implementer type is set to
explicitly assigned.
Orphan / Inactiv e
Purpose:  Lists:
▪Unclaimed accounts▪
▪Users without an associated account▪
▪Dormant accounts▪▪Dormant pr ofiles ▪
"Dormant accounts" are user objects on target systems where the user has not logged in for at least N
days. This number is de fined  by the Show inactiv e  accounts (days)  search criteria. See below for
details.
"Dormant pr ofiles"  are user pr ofiles  in Bravura Security Fabric , containing one or more accounts, all of
which are dormant.
Before running this report for a target system, you should generate a full attribut e  listing.  To do this,
click Generate full list  on the Target system inf ormation  page, then run auto discovery.
Bravura Security Fabric only supports Microsoft  Active  Directory and Microsoft  Windows server target
systems for use with the Orphan / inactive  report. This report only supports Active  Directory target
systems running on Microsoft  Windows Server 2008 or newer.
Executable:  orphan
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Report type Choose a report type from the drop-down list. The
Orphan accounts (not attached  to a pr ofile)  setting  is
selected by default.
Orphan accounts (not attached  to a pr ofile):  Lists
accounts that are not associated with any user’s pr ofile
ID.
Orphan pr ofiles  (have no accounts):  lists pr ofile  IDs that
do not have an associated account.
Inactiv e  accounts (N days with no login):  lists dormant
accounts.
Inactiv e  pr ofiles  (N days with no login):  lists dormant
user pr ofiles.
Target system ID To list unclaimed or inactiv e  accounts for one or more
target systems, type a comma-and-space-delimited list of
target system IDs. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or
more target systems. The search engine only returns
results for manually added target systems, not for
discovered systems.
This option  is only displayed if Report type  is set to
Orphan accounts (not attached  to a pr ofile)  or Inactiv e
accounts (N days with no login) .
Account Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of long IDs (not
short IDs) that match the accounts you want to include in
the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more
accounts.
This option  is only displayed if Report type  is set to
Orphan accounts (not attached  to a pr ofile) , Inactiv eCriteria Description
accounts (N days with no login)  or Inactiv e  pr ofiles  (N
days with no login) .
User ID Type the pr ofile  ID of the user for whom you want to
generate the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one
or more pr ofile  IDs.
This option  is only displayed if Report type  is set to
Orphan pr ofiles  (have no accounts), Inactiv e  accounts (N
days with no login)  or Inactiv e  pr ofiles  (N days with no
login) .
User name Type the full name of the user for whom you want to
generate the report.
This option  is only displayed if Report type  is set to
Orphan pr ofiles  (have no accounts), Inactiv e  accounts (N
days with no login)  or Inactiv e  pr ofiles  (N days with no
login) .
Number of days with no login Type a numeric value to only show acc oun ts/pr ofiles  that
have been dormant for the specified  number of days.
This option  is only displayed if Report type  is set to
Inactiv e  accounts (N days with no login)  or Inactiv e
pr ofiles  (N days with no login) .
Discovered in the last N days Type a numeric value to filt er  results based on how
recently the account was discovered during auto-
discovery. A value of zero will return all results.
This option  is only displayed if Report type  is set to
Orphan accounts (not attached  to a pr ofile) .
Access to product features
Purpose : Security privileges held by product administrators.
Lists product administrators, privileges, and finds  product administrators with selected adminis tr ativ e
privileges.
Executable : prodadmin
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
Product administrator Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of product
administrators to include in the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you
can search for one or more product administrators. The
default is all product administrators.
Adminis tr ativ e  privileges Select one or more privileges to search on. All privileges
are selected by default.Criteria Description
Administrator group ID Select one or more groups to search on. All groups are
selected by default.
This field  is not displayed if there is no data available.
Source of privileges You can specify whether to report on privileges granted
to individual administrators, or granted by group
membership.
Pr ofile  and request attribut es
Purpose:  Provides in f ormation  about users, and pr ofile  attribut es.
Executable:  userattr
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
User ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of pr ofile  IDs to
only include pr ofile  attribut es  for certain users.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more pr ofile  IDs.
Pr ofile  attribut e Select a pr ofile  attribut e  on which to filt er  users. You can
select up to eight attribut es.  You can also select the same
attribut e  multiple  times;  for example, you may want to
list all users whose fir s t name is ’Mike’ or ’Michael’. All
pr ofile  attribut es  are available, except for request-only
attribut es  and encrypted attribut es.
If no attribut es  are specified,  the report lists all user
pr ofiles  filt er ed  by user ID.
Value typeThis field  is displayed if a Pr ofile  attribut e  field  is other
than Attribut e  not required. Select the value type of
comparator to apply on selected the pr ofile  attribut e.
Diff er en t  types of attribut es  have access to diff er en t  sets
of value types.
is empty  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search on
empty values.
is not empty  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on non empty values.
is equal to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on values equal to a specified  string.
is not equal  to if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on values not equal to a specified  string.
is less than  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on values that are less than a specific  integer.Criteria Description
is less than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are less than or equal to a
specific  integer.
is greater than  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on values that are greater than a specific  integer.
is greater than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are greater than or equal
to a specific  integer.
is greater than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are greater than or equal
to a specific  integer.
is later than today + N days  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on dates that are later than N days after
today.
is earlier than, or equal to, today - N days  if you want
Bravura Security Fabric  to search on dates that are earlier
or equal to N days before today.
Value This field  is displayed and required if a Value type  field  is
set to something other than is empty  or is not empty .
Type or select the value to compare with.
Display of attribut es Choose the display mode for attribut es.  Select:
All attribut es  if you want all non null account attribut es
to be displayed by the report.
Searched on attribut es  if you only want the account
attribut es  that are searched on to be displayed by the
report.
No attribut es  if you want no account attribut es  to be
displayed by the report.
Attribut es  that are searched on will be displayed in
the All attribut es  and Searched on attribut es
modes, regardless of whether they are null.
Attribut e  match Select:
Match on all  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to match
on all the pr ofile  attribut e  rows.
Match on any  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
match on any pr ofile  attribut e  rows.
Pr ofiles
Purpose:  Provides in f ormation  about user pr ofiles,  including accounts, group memberships and identity
attribut es.Executable : users
Search Criteria:
Criteria Description
User ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of pr ofile  IDs to
only include in f ormation  about certain users.
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more pr ofile  IDs.
User name Type the full name of the user for whom you want to
generate the report.
User attribut e  to search Select a pr ofile  attribut es  on which to filt er  users. The
options  include all available pr ofile  attribut es,  excluding
request-only attribut es.
Attribut e  value to search This field  is displayed if User attribut e  to search  is other
than Attribut e  not required . Type the value of the user
attribut e.
This searches against the attribut e’ s  stored string
value in the database, regardless of attribut e  type.
User attribut es  to display Select one or more pr ofile  attribut es  that you want to
add to the report output.
List only product administrators Filter the report to list only product administrators. This
applies only to individual product administrators; not
users added to administrator groups.
Account r es triction Select one of the following options  to filt er  users based
on whether they have accounts:
▪(No r es triction) ▪
▪only users with accounts▪
▪only users without accounts▪
Pr ofile  status Select one or more of the following options  to filt er  users
based on the pr ofile  status:
▪Locked▪
▪Unlocked▪
▪Enabled▪
▪Disabled▪
RBAC enforcement Select one of the following options  to filt er  users based
on RBAC enforcement:
▪All users▪
▪Users under RBAC enforcement▪
▪Users not under RBAC enforcement▪
Show accounts Select this checkbox if you want to include a list of each
user’s accounts in the report output.Criteria Description
Users must have accounts on at least one of these target
systemsType a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs on which users must have accounts. Alt ernativ ely ,  you
can search for one or more target systems.
Target system group Select the target system groups that you want to add to
the report output.
Show managed groups Select this checkbox if you want to include a list of each
user’s managed groups in the report output.
Managed groups Type the long ID of one or more managed groups in
which users must have accounts. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can
search for one or more managed groups.
Last login time Choose one of the following options  to de fine  a date
range for the last login time:
Use r elativ e  date :
It is recommended that you use a r elativ e  date for
your date range when you schedule a report. This
ensures that the date range would be valid when
the schedule report executes.
Choosing Use r elativ e  date  makes a drop-down list
appear, which allows you to select the type of
r elativ e  date. A r elativ e  date is calculated based on
the day that the report is executed. The following
options  are available in the drop-down list:
All time  value ranges are from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
R elativ e  date options
Option Description
Current day The 24 hour period that the report is executed within,
from 00:00:00 to 23:59:59.
Current calendar week The current seven day period, from Sunday to Saturday,
which is calculated from the day the report is created. For
example, if the report is run on Tuesday August 3rd, then
the date range would be from Sunday August 1st to
Saturday August 7th.
Current month The current month from beginning to end, determined by
the day the report is executed. For example, if the report
is run on August 3rd, then the date range would be from
August 1st to August 31st.
Current quarter The current quarter from the fir s t day of the quarter to
the last day of the quarter. For example, if the report is