Additional  c on figur ation  for Bravura One
Adjust the mobile activ ation  timeout
Modify the PSF MOBILE REGTIMEOUT  system variable if you want to change the amount of time  to allow
for a user to scan the QR code when they are activ ating  their mobile device with the Bravura One  app. By
default, the time  for activ ation  will expire in 300 seconds.
Set the maximum number of mobile device r egis tr ations  per user
Modify the MAX MOBILE DEVICES  system variable in order to set the maximum number of mobile
devices that a user may register for themselves.
Add the Mobile authentic ation  module for an authentic ation  chain
Add an authentic ation  chain for the Mobile authentic ation  module. This will allow for users to
authentic a t e  using a QR Code that is provided by this module for two factor authentic ation.
The QR Code must be scanned from the Bravura One  app that is registered for Bravura One  for the user.
See Authentic ation  chains: Con figur ation  (on page 841)Installing the Bravura One  app
Before you install the Bravura One  app, ensure that your mobile device is c ompatible.  The Bravura One  app
is available for both Android (4.4 or higher) as well as iOS (9 or higher).
To install from a mobile device:
1.From either the Google Play Store on Android mobile devices or the Apple app store on iOS mobile1.
devices, search for " Bravura One ".
2.Download the Bravura One  app from the app store. 2.
3.Follow the ins tructions  in the app store for ins t allation. 3.
In t egr ating  the Bravura One  app with Bravura Security Fabric
Read this chapter to learn how to register and activ a t e  a mobile device using the Bravura One  app.
Before you begin
1.Ensure that the Bravura One  app has been installed on a mobile device. 1.
2.The Bravura One mobile proxy  server has been c on figur ed  and is available for use for Bravura One . 2.
3.The Bravura Security Fabric  server has been c on figur ed  for Bravura One . 3.
4.The user that is activ ating  a mobile device has the "Manage mobile devices" privilege. 4.
In t egr ation  steps
To activ a t e  a mobile device using the Bravura One  app:
1.From a w ork s t ation,  browse to the Front-end (PSF) self-service and login as a user that has the 1.
"Manage mobile devices" privilege.
2.Click the Register mobile devices  link. 2.
3.If a device has previously been registered, click Add new… 3.
4.Click Register . 4.
5.Open the Bravura One  app on the mobile device. 5.
6.If the mobile device does not have any pr ofiles  previously set up, tap through the welcome screens to 6.
learn more about the Bravura One  app and how to register the mobile device.
7.Tap through all of the welcome screens or skip the ins tructions. 7.
8.If the camera view is not immediately launched, tap the  Scan QR Code  control or Register Device  link 8.
from the Connection  pr ofile  screen to scan a new QR Code.
9.Using the Bravura One  app, scan the QR Code that is shown on the w ork s t ation. 9.
10. Tap the Save control on the Bravura One  app. 10.
11. Enter a unique pr ofile  name for the c onnection  for the new user pr ofile  and tap OK. 11.
The w ork s t ation  should indicate that the device is successfully activ a t ed  and the Bravura One  app will
be authentic a t ed.  The new device is shown in the list of mobile devices on the self-service page.The Bravura One  app opens the instance within the app. The registered user’s userid is aut omatic ally
passed in and the page lists available authentic ation  methods to log into the Front-end (PSF).
Language pack support
The Bravura One  app supports additional  languages to be used for the Bravura Security Fabric  instances.
See Supporting  multiple  languages and locales  (on page 3479).
The languages must be previously installed on the Bravura Security Fabric  server.
The language and locale must also be set on the iOS and Android mobile devices.
On iOS this may be modified  from Settings  > General > Language & Region and checking values for iPhone
Language and Region.
On Android, this is modified  from Settings  > Languages & input > Languages. The fir s t language and locale
found in the list that is also installed on the Bravura Security Fabric  instance will be used.
If the en-us default skin is compiled and installed, the Mobile Worker Service will need to be restarted.
Register multiple  pr ofiles
The Bravura One  app supports multiple  user pr ofiles  on a mobile device. Each user pr ofile  must be from
separate Bravura Security Fabric  instances with diff er en t  Bravura One mobile proxy  server URLs
c on figur ed.
To register multiple  pr ofiles  on the Bravura One  app:
1. Con figur e  another Bravura Security Fabric  server for Bravura One . 1.
2.Follow the same ins tructions  to register the mobile device for another user pr ofile  via QR code. 2.
3.Open the Bravura One  app on the device. 3.
The Front-end (PSF) authentic ation  page will be loaded for a user already registered in the app.
4.Tap the gear or ellipsis icon to go to the Settings  page. 4.
5.Tap the Scan QR Code  control or Register Device  link to scan a new QR Code. 5.
To delete a pr ofile  on the Bravura One  app:
1.Tap the gear or ellipsis icon to go to the Settings  page. 1.
2.Tap the recycle bin icon to delete the pr ofile. 2.
Scan a QR Code for two factor authentic ation
The Bravura One  app supports two factor authentic ation  to be able to scan a QR Code from a user’s mobile
device using an authentic ation  chain c on figur ed  for the Mobile authentic ation  module.
The QR Code must be scanned from the Bravura One  app that is registered for Bravura One  for the user, to
be accepted as a form of authentic ation.
To login using a QR Code for multi- f act or  authentic ation  on the Bravura One  app:1. Con figur e  an authentic ation  chain for the Mobile authentic ation  mobile. Add additional  modules as 1.
needed for added security and authentic ation.
See Authentic ation  chains: Con figur ation  (on page 841)
2.Follow the ins tructions  to register the mobile device for a user pr ofile  via QR Code. 2.
3.Log into Bravura Security Fabric  from a browser on a desktop for the user that has a registered mobile 3.
device.
4.Choose the authentic ation  chain c on figur ed  for the Mobile authentic ation  module. 4.
5.Open the Bravura One  app on the device for the user. 5.
6.Tap the Computer Login  unlock icon. 6.
7.Tap Authentic a t e  User  on iOS or the Scan QR Code  (wheel) icon on Android. 7.
8.Scan the QR Code provided on the Front-end (PSF) authentic ation  page. 8.
Scanning the QR Code is bypassed when a user logs in from a mobile device if they choose this
authentic ation  option.  For this reason, additional  modules should be c onfigured  for added security.
Push notific ations  on mobile devices
Push Notific ations  are available two ways:
1.Subscribe to the Bravura Security  hosted Bravura One mobile proxy  server for push notific ations: 1.
▪Bravura Security  host the Bravura One mobile proxy  server used for the push notific ations. ▪
▪Bravura Security  create the Apple and Google store tokens. ▪
▪The required certific a t es  for the push notific ations  are also c on figur ed  on the host Bravura One ▪
server.
▪Bravura Security  create custom mobile apps. ▪
▪The Bravura One  app communicates fir s t by c on t acting  the Bravura One mobile proxy  server and ▪
then to the Bravura Security Fabric  server.
The stock mobile apps can not be used in the above scenario.
Please talk to your Bravura Security  Account Manager for further more details.
2.Host your own smart device app delivery infrastructure:2.
▪Host a Bravura One mobile proxy  server which is c on figur ed  for the push notific ations. ▪
▪Create the Apple and Google store tokens.▪
▪Install the certific a t es  required for the push notific ations  on the Bravura One mobile proxy  server. ▪
▪Create custom mobile apps that make use of the Apple and Google store tokens.▪
▪The Bravura One  app communicates fir s t by c on t acting  the Bravura One mobile proxy  server and ▪
then to the Bravura Security Fabric  server.
Bravura Security  can provide ins tructions  to the customer’s packaging team for building the Bravura
One applic ation  packages. Please talk to your Bravura Security  Account Manager for more details.
The stock mobile apps can not be used in the above scenario.Push notific ations  sent to mobile devices will appear either on the lock screen or as a drop down from
the top of the screen if the device is unlocked.
When the mobile device is locked:
▪The notific ation  is shown with the title and message body on Android mobile devices. ▪
▪The notific ation  is shown with the message body on iOS mobile devices. ▪
▪Swiping to the left or right on the notific ation  on Android mobile devices will dismiss the notific ation. ▪
▪Swiping to the right on the notific ation  on iOS mobile devices will launch the Bravura One  app. ▪
▪Swiping to the left on the notific ation  on iOS mobile devices will allow you to dismiss the notific ation. ▪
▪ Multiple  push notific ations  on iOS mobile devices will each be shown on the lock screen in sequential ▪
order.
▪Only the most recent push notific ation  will be shown on Android mobile devices when multiple ▪
notific ations  are sent to these devices.
When the mobile device is unlocked:
▪On Android mobile devices, a Bravura Security icon appears on the top left corner. Swiping down will ▪
show the notific ation.
▪On iOS mobile devices and when the Bravura One  app is not currently open, the notific ation  will appear ▪
as a drop-down from the top of the screen. Tapping on the notific ation  will launch the Bravura One  app.
▪Push notific ations  will not appear on iOS mobile devices when the Bravura One  app is currently open. ▪
See more in f ormation  about using mobpushcli
Use the mobpushcli  program to send push notific ations  to mobile devices for users that have the
Bravura One  app registered on their devices.
The requests are sent to the Bravura One  mobile proxy  push notific ation  server  (on page 1447) which will
then send them to the Apple and Google notific ation  servers. The notific ation  messages are placed in a
queue and will then be pushed out to the registered mobile devices. They will appear as a notific ation
message on a user’s mobile device.
Usage
mobpushcli.exe -u <profile ID> -t <message title> -m <message body>
   [-b <number>] [-n] [-q] [-s <sound clip>]
   [-w] [-l <seconds>]
Argument Description
-h — --help Print out the help usage.
-v — --version Print out the version.
-u <pr ofile  ID> — --users <pr ofile  ID> Specifies  the pr ofile  ID for a user to sent the push
notific ation  to.
Multiple  users may be specified  individually with "-u
pr ofileid1  -u pr ofileid2  ...".
-t <message title>  — --title  <message title> The title of the notific ation  message.Argument Description
-m <message body> — --body <message body> The message body of the notific ation  message.
-b <number> — --badge <number> Specifies  a positiv e  numeric value for the badge.
Specifying "-b 1" will add a "1" to the top right hand
corner of the app icon.
Applicable to iOS devices only.
-n — --nourgent This will determine how fast that the notific ations  will
reach an Android device.
Messages submitted  from the notific ation  queue from
Google will be sent faster and will be marked as urgent
and as a high priority message when this option  is not
specified.  They are marked as non-urgent when -n has
been specified.
-q — --quiet This option  will suppress most of the command line
output and will only show the value for "errmsg" for the
success or error message.
-s <sound clip> — --sound <sound clip> Specifies  a sound clip on the mobile devices.
The default sound clip is currently available. User
specified  sounds are not currently supported.
-w — --sync When this option  is not specified,  notific ations  are sent
directly to the push notific ation  server and put into the
queue. mobpushcli will only return a message indic ating
that the notific ation  has been queued, regardless of
whether or not the notific ation  was sent successfully or
not.
When -w has been specified,  mobpushcli will wait for the
result to be returned from the push notific ation  server
and will immediately return the status of the notific ation,
for example if it was successful or if an e x ception  has
occurred.
-l <seconds> — --ttl <seconds> Determines how long that the notific ation  will last in the
queue for the Apple or Google push notific ation  server
when the message cannot be delivered.
The default value if this option  is not specified  is 86400
seconds (24 hours).
Examples
1.To send a push notific ation  to the mobile device for a user that has a registered device, type: 1.
  mobpushcli -u msmith -t "message title" -m "message body"
2.To send a push notific ation  and set the badge icon to show a 1 in the top right hand corner of the 2.
Bravura One  app on iOS mobile devices:
  mobpushcli.exe -u msmith -t "message title" -m "message body" -b 13.To send a push notific ation  and wait for the result to be returned by mobpushcli so that it can be 3.
immediately shown:
  mobpushcli.exe -u msmith -t "message title" -m "message body" -w
4.To send a notific ation  to multiple  users at the same time: 4.
  mobpushcli.exe -u jjackson -u cbrown -u msmith -t "message title" -
m "message body" -w
to send push notific ations  to the mobile devices.Using the Bravura One  app
Read this chapter to learn how to use the Bravura One  app when accessing a Bravura Security Fabric
instance.  
Before you begin
Ensure that the Bravura One  app has been activ a t ed  and may access the c on figur ed  Bravura Security
Fabric  instance.
Access the Bravura One  app from a mobile device
To access the Bravura One  app from a mobile device:
1.Launch the Bravura One  app. 1.
The ID of the user who activ a t ed  the mobile device is aut omatic ally  passed in. The app lists the user’s
available authentic ation  methods for the Front-end (PSF).
2.Choose an authentic ation  method and enter valid answers. 2.
The user is authentic a t ed  and accesses the Front-end (PSF) for the instance.
Some common tasks that may be performed include:
▪Users r esetting  passwords to a new and random value. ▪
▪Users checking out a password for a managed account.▪
▪Users viewing captured data for a recorded session.▪
▪Users reviewing requests that they have submitted  and are a w aiting  approval or processing, or ▪
optionally  updating  or canceling the requests.
▪Authorizers approving requests, or optionally  r ejecting ,  updating ,  or deleg ating  to another authorizer. ▪
▪Downloading vCard contact records for users from the pr ofile  in f ormation  pages and importing  them ▪
into the nativ e  contacts lists for Android and iOS mobile devices.
▪Users storing passwords in their personal vault.▪
See Example process  (on page 1481) for more detailed scenarios.
Bravura One  app nativ e  controls
The Bravura One  app includes nativ e  controls that are specific  to Android and iOS.
Android nativ e  controls
On Android mobile devices, the nativ e  controls may be found along the top border of the Bravura One
app:
▪The ellipsis icon on the right hand side on the top border provides access to the Settings  page. From ▪
this page you can view the values that have been imported after  scanning a QR code for the Bravura
One app activ ation  or scan a new QR code via the Scan QR code  control.▪The ellipsis icon also provides access to the Home, Refresh, and Logout controls depending on which▪
self-service page that you are on.
▪The Home control will return the user back to the main Front-end (PSF) self-service menu page.▪
▪The Refresh control will refresh the current self-service page.▪
▪The Logout control will log the user out of the current Bravura Security Fabric  instance. ▪
▪The unlock icon on the right hand side of the top border provides access to the Phone assisted login ▪
page. Tap the wheel icon on the bottom  right corner of the page to open the QR code scanner.
▪The pr ofiles  icon on the right hand side of the top border displays the list of user pr ofiles  the mobile ▪
device is registered to. It provides quick access and switching to other pr ofiles.  This icon will only
appear if there are multiple  pr ofiles  registered in the app.
▪ Additional  tabs will sometimes  appear on the top border depending on which self-service page you ▪
are on. For example:
▪When logged in as a help desk user viewing the Help users  page, additional  tabs will appear to ▪
allow options  to view the Help users page or St atistics  page.
▪When logged in as an authorizer and viewing requests that require authoriz ation  via the legacy ▪
Authorize requests  page, additional  tabs will appear to enable quick switching between the
Authorize requests page or Search requests page.
iOS nativ e  controls
On iOS mobile devices, the nativ e  controls may be found along the bottom  border of the Bravura One  app:
▪The Settings  control in the right side of the bottom  border provides access to the Settings  page. From ▪
this page you can view the values that have been imported after  scanning a QR code for the Bravura
One app activ ation  or scan a new QR code via the Register Device  control.
The Settings  page also includes a recycle bin icon to delete the current pr ofile  displayed and a
checkmark to save a new pr ofile  on the top right hand corner of the page.
▪The self-service page title and header link on the right side of the top border provides access to the ▪
Home, Refresh, and Logout controls depending on which self-service page that you are on.
▪The Home control will return the user back to the main Front-end (PSF) self-service menu page.▪
▪The Refresh control will refresh the current self-service page.▪
▪The Logout control will log the user out of the current Bravura Security Fabric  instance. ▪
▪The Phone assisted login  control on the left side of the bottom  border provides access to the Phone ▪
assisted login  page. Tap the Authentic a t e  User  link on the bottom  of the page to open the QR code
scanner.
▪The Pr ofiles  control on the center of the bottom  border displays the list of user pr ofiles  the mobile ▪
device is registered to. It provides quick access and switching to other pr ofiles.  If there is only one
pr ofile  registered, this control will not do anything.
▪A left arrow control on the left hand corner of the top border will navigate to the previous page when ▪
browsing through the pages on the Bravura One  app.
▪ Additional  tabs will sometimes  appear on the top border depending on which self-service page you ▪
are on. For example:▪When logged in as a help desk user viewing the Help users  page, additional  tabs will appear to ▪
allow options  to view the Help users page or St atistics  page.
▪When logged in as an authorizer and viewing requests that require authoriz ation  via the legacy ▪
Authorize requests page, additional  tabs will appear to provide quick switching between the
Authorize requests  page or Search requests page.