Criteria Description
Recipient ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of recipients you
want to include in the report. This field  is only visible
when Trend by  is set to Recipient .
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more recipient
pr ofile  IDs.
Managed system policy ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of managed
system policy IDs you want to include in the report. This
field  is only visible when Trend by  is set to Managed
system policy .
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search for one or more policies.
Specify time Specify a date range for user check-outs.
Choose r elativ e  date Specify a r elativ e  date for user check-outs. The content
from this field  will vary depending on which Specify time
you choose.
R eporting  time  interval Specify a time  interval for the collected data. Records can
be organized by day, week, month, quarter, or year.
Summarize report Select this if you prefer to have a numerical summary of
the trend type.
Graph type Specify the type of graph for a visual r epr esen t ation  of
the data. The available graph types are V ertic al  bar chart
and Line chart. This field  is only visible when Summarize
report  is selected.2 Analytics
Micr osoft’ s  SQL Server R eporting  Services (SSRS) is softw ar e  that can be used to generate reports. SSRS
also provides a Report Builder tool for less technical users to generate reports. Analytics  is an optional
Bravura Security report feature that organizes and displays SSRS reports.
When analytics  is c on figur ed,  an Analytics  link is available on the Bravura Security Fabric  adminis tr ativ e
menu.
Reports that exist on a SQL Server R eporting  Service server are displayed on the Analytics  user interface
and can then be saved in diff er en t  formats such as DOC, CSV, PDF and HTML.Managing and using analytics
Requirements
The analytics  feature requires SQL Server R eporting  Service (SSRS). The version of SSRS must be the same
version as the SQL Server for the instance; for example, SQL Server 2016 and SSRS 2016.
In order to use the Analytics  app, the feature must be c on figur ed:
▪During Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation  (on page 196). ▪
or;
▪ After  Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation,  using the setupanalytics program. ▪
Use setupanalytics to
▪Add the Analytics  app if it was not installed when Bravura Security Fabric  was initially  installed. ▪
▪Modify the Bravura Security Fabric 's current Analytics  app c on figur ation: ▪
▪Change the SQL Server R eporting  Services (SSRS) server web service URL. ▪
▪Change the SSRS server administrator username.▪
▪Change the SSRS server administrator password.▪
▪Change up a SSRS database, a database login username and password.▪
▪Change the report users login username.▪
▪Change the report users login password.▪
Requirements
If you are using setupanalytics to add the Analytics  app to the product if it was not initially
installed when Bravura Security Fabric  was installed, the following extra steps are required:
1.Install SQL Server R eporting  Services - Nativ e  feature. 1.
2.Create a dedicated report database user and schema.2.
3. Con figur e  SSRS. 3.
Usage
setupanalytics.exe [option]
Argument Description
–admin <username> Report server administrator
–adminpwd <password> Report server administrator password.
–db <database> Fully -qualified  domain name of the database server.
–password <password> Database report user password.
–url <url> Report server URL.
–username <username> Database report username.
Examples1.Change analytics  to use a diff er en t  database to report data from: 1.
setupanalytics.exe --db SERVER01\database1 --
username  reportuser  --password reportuserpassword
2.Add the Analytics  app after  the Bravura Security Fabric  ins t allation: 2.
setupanalytics.exe --admin sa --adminpwd password --
db SERVER01\database1 --url http://SERVER01:80/ReportServer --
username  reportuser  --password reportuserpassword
If you do not  see Analytics  on the main menu, it has not been installed.
In order to access the Analytics  app users require the "Analytics"  adminis tr ativ e  right or have
membership criteria which is de fined  by the _ANALYTICS_READERS_ user class.
To create new reports, Micr osoft’ s  Report Builder must be installed on the user’s computer.
Report display
Analytics  reports and some fields  can be shown or hidden using a filt er  plugin. See Options  on Page 450.
The four report elements below can appear in a SSRS report created on the SSRS server and displayed in
the Analytics  app:
▪Records per page  Number of records per page to be shown. 10, 20, 50, or 100 records can be shown ▪
per page.
▪Show/hide columns  A selection  list of report columns which can be shown or hidden. By default they ▪
are shown.
▪Embedded links  A popup opens when a report item that has embedded link is clicked. ▪
▪Hide r epeating  cells  A checkbox when enabled allows report cells showing identic al  in f ormation  to be ▪
hidden. By default they are shown.
These custom elements are c on figur ed  in reports created on the SSRS server.
Na vig ation
All Bravura Security Fabric  apps, including the analytics  app, utiliz e  a responsive user interface (UI).
Depending on the app and your permissions, you will have diff er en t  options  available, however, all of the
apps have a common na vig ation  scheme.
The na vig ation  scheme has been designed to be in tuitiv e,  and works from left to right, across the screen.
When you select a report from the left panel, the results are displayed in the Results panel.
Left panel
The left panel appears on the left side of the app window and displays all of the categories and each
report within each category.When you click on a report in the left panel, the results become activ e  in the Results panel.
Middle panel
The middle panel, or sometimes  known as the Results panel is the area next to the left panel and displays
the results from a link that is selected from the left panel.Top panel
The top panel provides options  such as na vig ating  through the displayed report, refreshing the report,
e xporting  and printing  the report.Graphs and drill-down reports
Many of the built-in analytics  reports provided in Bravura Security Fabric  include graphs. You can hover
the cursor over the data set on each type of graph to see the s t atistic  details.
For line graphs, you can also:
▪Hover over an item in the legend to highlight the r elativ e  line on the graph. ▪
▪Click on an item in the legend to enable/disable the r elativ e  line on the graph. ▪
JavaScript must be enabled for the graphs to be visible.
You can view a more in-depth r epr esen t ation  of the data in any graph by clicking on an area in the graph
or on any row within the table below the graph. This opens a pop-up "drill-down" window that tables
data from a specific  section  of the graph.
For example, if you click the results of "No login in f ormation"  in the graph displayed from the Dormant
and orphan accounts analytics  report  …… a more detailed report displaying accounts with no login in f ormation  is displayed:For more in f ormation  about graph behavior see Using graphs within reports  (on page 2913).
Exporting  reports
Clicking on the export icon provides the option  to export the selected report to the following formats:
▪Word▪
▪Excel▪
▪PowerPoint▪
▪PDF▪
▪Image - bmp, emf, gif, jpeg, png and tif ▪
▪CSV▪
▪XML file with report data ▪Options
This section  describes behaviors you can set globally for the Analytics  app.
Navigate to Manage the system > Maintenance > System variables  to set the following variables:
▪CUSTOM ANALYTIC CATEGORIES  can be used to display new categories in the Analytics  panel. ▪
▪Sub folders under the ReportItems folder on the SSRS server are considered categories from the▪
Analytics  app’s per spectiv e.
▪A report that is created on the SSRS server and not located in a folder under the ReportItems folder▪
on the same SSRS server will not be shown in the Analytics  panel.
▪If the option  is left empty you will see default analytics  folders and their reports. ▪
▪A non-empty sub folder under the ReportItems folder created on the SSRS server and not entered▪
here will not be displayed in the Analytics  panel.
▪If a category is entered here, the category will not appear in the Analytics  panel and will not exist ▪
on the SSRS server. You must create a sub folder with the same name under the ReportItems folder
on the SSRS server.
▪VIEW ANALYTICS PLUGIN  and the analytics  policy component hid_policy_analytics_filter ▪
can be used to filt er  the analytics  panel by showing or hiding categories and reports.
The component is installed with Bravura Security Fabric  by default, along with a sample plugin,
plugin_analyticsfilter.py .
See Components  (on page 3440) for more in f ormation.
Components
The hid_policy_analytics_filter  component together with the default Python script
plugin_analyticsfilter  set in system variable VIEW ANALYTICS PLUGIN  provides a policy