▪ Con figuring  and updating  an expired API token is less work than updating  an expired SAML certific a t e. ▪
for in f ormation  about SAML versus API in t egr ation.
Solution
Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to operate as a SAML v2 Service Provider, allowing it to
integrate with Okta Single Sign-On IdP to authentic a t e  its users. Once authentic a t ed  with the IdP , or even
before authentic ating  with the IdP , additional  authentic ation  chains may or may not be run.
Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to authentic a t e  users directly against Okta by r edir ecting  them
to the Okta Sign-In page. When this method is used, the authentic ation  requirements for the
authentic ating  applic ation  are c on figur ed  within Okta.
Prepare Okta
To c on figur e  Okta to allow in t egr ation  with Bravura Security Fabric :
1.Sign in to your Okta instance as a system administrator.1.
2.Navigate to the Administrator Dashboard.2.3.Click Add Applic ations . 3.4.Click Create new App . 4.▪Under Platform , select Web ▪
▪Under Sign on Method , select SAML 2.0 . ▪
▪Click Create . ▪5.Give your new applic ation  a name; for example Bravura Security WebPortal . 5.
6.Select a logo for the applic ation. 6.
7. Con figur e  the applic ation  visibility settings. 7.
8.Click Next . 8.9. Con figur e  the Single-Sign-On URL for the Bravura Security Fabric  SP; for example 9.
https://idm.company.com/instance/cgi/psf.exe .
10. Ensure that Use this for Recipient URL and Destination  URL is enabled. 10.11. Con figur e  the SP Entity  ID for the Bravura Security Fabric  SP; for example 11.
https://idm.company.com/instance/ .
12. Leave the Default RelayState blank. 12.
13. Set Name ID format to Unspecified . 13.
14. Map pr ofile  attribut es  between Okta and Bravura Security Fabric  users. 14.
In order for Okta to authentic a t e  Bravura Security Fabric  users, it needs to have a means of associating
Bravura Security Fabric  users to e xisting  Okta users. This is done via attribut e  mapping, where Okta
will compare the two pr ofiles’  attribut es  to see if they match. In the Applic ation  username field,  you
must select an attribut e  which can be mapped to Bravura Security Fabric  user pr ofiles.  This is used to
link Okta and Bravura Security Fabric  user pr ofiles.
▪If the Okta username matches the Bravura Security Pr ofile  name then select Okta username . ▪
▪Otherwise, an attribut e  within Okta can be used to match either the Bravura Security Fabric  user ▪
pr ofile  name, or a user attribut e  within Bravura Security Fabric . You will need to mirror these
attribut e  mappings when you c on figur e  the authentic ation  chain in Bravura Security Fabric .
WARNING! It is important to ensure that only a single pr ofile  within Bravura Security
Fabric  matches the selected value. Ensure that the attribut es  selected will
be an exact match.
The attribut e  mapping between Okta and Bravura Security Fabric  must be 1:1. If there are multiple
attribut es  c on figur ed  in Okta under Applic ation  username, Bravura Security Fabric  acting  as an SP
will not be able to distinguish  between them and will redirect back to Okta, which combined with
activ e  Okta SSO is likely to cause an in finit e  redirect loop.
15. Click Show Advanced Settings . 15.
16. Set Response to Unsigned . 16.
17. Click Next . 17.
18. Fill out the Feedback section,  and click Finish . 18.
19. Export the IdP meta-data for this applic ation  and save the file in a loc ation  where it can be accessed 19.
by Bravura Security Fabric  in order to finish  c on figuring  the authentic ation  chain module.
Next:
Set up Bravura Security Fabric  to authentic a t e  with the IdP  (on page 968)
In this use case:
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  967
See also
Okta in the Connector Pack  Documen t ation  for details on how to add an Okta target.
Example: In t egr ating  with a Ping IdP
RequirementOr g aniz ations  that use Ping Single Sign-On solution  to leverage federated authentic ation  require Bravura
Security Fabric  to authentic a t e  with their current IdP solution.
Solution
Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to operate as a SAML v2 Service Provider, allowing it to
integrate with a Ping Single Sign-On Identity  Provider (IdP) to authentic a t e  its users. Once authentic a t ed
at the IdP , or even before authentic ating  with the IdP , additional  authentic ation  chains may or may not be
run.
Bravura Security Fabric  can be c on figur ed  to authentic a t e  users directly against Ping by r edir ecting  them
to the Ping Sign-In page. When this method is used, the authentic ation  requirements for the
authentic ating  applic ation  are c on figur ed  within Ping.
Prepare Ping
To c on figur e  Ping to allow in t egr ation  with Bravura Security Fabric :
1.Log into the Ping adminis tr ativ e  console as a system administrator. 1.
2.Navigate to Server Con figur ation  > Server Settings  > Roles & Protocols and ensure Ping has been 2.
established as an identity  provider.
3.If required, navigate to Server Con figur ation  > Password Cr edential  Validators and click Create new 3.
Instance to create a new cr edential  validator.
▪Ensure that this cr edential  validator contains account in f ormation  that corresponds to user pr ofiles ▪
in Bravura Security Fabric .
▪ Con figur e  the mapping r elationship  that will be used to compare Bravura Security Fabric  accounts ▪
to those stored on Ping.
4.Navigate to IdP Con figur ation  > Applic ation  In t egr ation  > Adapters , and click Create new instance . 4.
5.Follow the on-screen ins tructions  to c on figur e  the adapter for Bravura Security Fabric . 5.
6.Navigate to IdP Con figur ation  and click Create a c onnection . 6.
7.Follow the on-screen ins tructions  of the SP c onnection  wizard to c on figur e  the c onnection  to Bravura 7.
Security Fabric .
8.Export the IdP meta-data for this applic ation  and save the file in a loc ation  where it can be accessed 8.
by Bravura Security Fabric  in order to finish  c on figuring  the authentic ation  chain module.
Next:
Set up Bravura Security Fabric  to authentic a t e  with the IdP  (on page 968)
Setting  up Bravura Security Fabric  to authentic a t e  with an IdP
The Scenario.hid_authchain_saml_sp component installs the functionality  to allow Bravura Security
Fabric  to act as a service provider, enabling it to accept third-party authentic ation  assertions  from a
trusted identity  provider.
In t egr ating  Bravura Security Fabric  as a service provider requires the following administrator rights:▪Manage external data store: In order to c on figur e  authentic ation  chain logic using the ▪
hid_authchain_select table.
▪Manage policies: in order to c on figur e  the SAML_SP custom Authentic ation  chain, and the ▪
SAML_USERS User class.
Before you begin
1.Have an identity  provider prepared that implements SAML to authentic a t e  users on behalf of other 1.
service providers, and c on figur e  it to provide authentic ation  for Bravura Security Fabric .
2.User pr ofiles  that will use Bravura Security Fabric  as a service provider must exist in the databases of 2.
both the identity  provider as well as Bravura Security Fabric . Mappings between the Bravura Security
Fabric  and identity  provider pr ofiles  must be c on figur ed  in the identity  provider.
3.Export the IdP metadata from the IdP and save the file in a loc ation  where it can be accessed by 3.
Bravura Security Fabric  in order to finish  c on figuring  the authentic ation  chain module.
4.Collect the following in f ormation  that will be required to establish the SAML trust r elationship: 4.
▪Single sign-on URL  for the identity  provider. ▪
▪ Identity  provider issuer , a URL for your IdP that may or may not match the SSO URL. ▪
▪ Identity  provider public certific a t e  file (.cer) , a copy of which should be placed in the instance’s ▪
plugin directory.
▪Issuer to send identity  provider , typically the URL for the Bravura Security Fabric  instance. ▪
▪Single sign-on binding format  as required by your IdP , either HTTP POST or HTTP Redirect. ▪
All URLs must use HTTPS where applicable.
Setup and c onfigur ation  steps
1.Install Bravura Security Fabric , including the connector packs. 1.
2.Log in to the front end as superuser, and navigate to manage components. 2.
3.Install the Scenario.hid_authchain_saml_sp component.3.
4. Con figur e  the target systems to load user pr ofiles  from. 4.
5.Run auto discovery.5.
6. Con figur e  which users in Bravura Security Fabric  you want enabled for SAML Authentic ation. 6.
a.Click Manage the system > Policies > User classes  > SAML_USERS. a.
b.Add the users you want to authentic a t e  against the IdP to this user class. You can add explicit users, b.
a domain group or other criteria.
IdP initiat ed  SSO is only supported if the profile  ID's match the IdP account names.
c.Recalculate the UC cache.c.
Configur e  the SAML_SP authentic ation  chain
1.As superuser in the SP instance, click Manage the system  > Policies > Authentic ation  chains  > custom 1.
> SAML_SP.
a.Disable this authentic ation  chain so it can be edited a.b.Click the fedidp_samlauth  module to open it for editing b.
c.The in f ormation  can be added by either: c.
i.Click Browse  under Import metadata , and upload the i dp-metadata.xml  file you copied i.
earlier.
or
ii.Populate the following fields  manually: ii.
▪Single sign-on URL:  the URL of the identity  provider ▪
▪ Identity  provider issuer:  a URL for your IdP that may or may not match the SSO URL. ▪
▪ Identity  provider public certific a t e  file (.cer) : a copy of which should be placed in the instance’s ▪
plugin directory.
▪Issuer to send identity  provider:  typically the URL for the Bravura Security Fabric instance ▪
▪Single sign-on binding:  the format as required by your IdP , either HTTP POST or HTTP Redirect. ▪
d.Ensure the Control Type is set to "Required". d.
e.Choose the correct Identity  provider signature loc ation . Assertion  is set by default. If you are using e.
an IdP c on figur ed  to sign the response, change this to Response  (or adjust the IdP signature
settings,  if desired). The response value must match what is selected on the IDP side.
f. Optional : Select the Allow IdP initia t ed  SSO checkbox to allow users to start at the IdP log in and f.
be redirected to the SP , where they will be aut omatic ally  authentic a t ed.
g. Optional:  Select the Force IdP authentic ation  checkbox to allow the IdP to r e-authentic a t e  the user g.
even if the user has an e xisting  session.
Some IdP's do not support the Force IdP authentic ation  option.
h. Con figur e  the Identity  provider subject type, which is used to map user pr ofiles  in Bravura Security h.
Fabric  to their counterparts on the IdP . When the IdP authentic a t es  a user, it sends a subject
attribut e  in the SAML assertion  that is used to identif y  which user was authentic a t ed:
▪Select ”Pr ofile  ID” if the subject attribut e  will be identic al  to the user’s Bravura Security Fabric ▪
pr ofile  ID.
▪Select ”Pr ofile  attribut e”  if the subject can be mapped to a user attribut e  instead of the pr ofile ▪
ID.
Bravura Security Fabric as a SP only supports IdP initiat ed  SSO  if the Bravura Security Fabric
profile  ID is used.
i.If you selected ”Pr ofile  attribut e”  as the Identity  provider subject type, you must also c on figur e  the i.
Subject pr ofile  attribut e,  which specifies  the pr ofile  attribut e  that can be mapped to the SAML
subject.
2.Click Update , then Enable  to enable this authentic ation  chain. 2.
3.Verify that the Front-end login authentic ation  chain includes SAML_SP as an available chain for the 3.
chain selector module.
Test the c onfigur ation