Criteria Description
by "Number of users excluding console users and
superusers".
OrgChart loop
Purpose : Lists loops in the source data (for example, the "manager" account attribut e  in an Activ e
Directory system) used to build the OrgChart.
The results are returned as a path in the following manner:
UserA, UserC, UserB, UserA
What this means is UserA is a manager of UserB, UserB is a manager of UserC, and UserC is a manager of
UserA.
Executable : orgchartloop
Search Criteria :
None
Group loops
Purpose : Lists cyclic groups found on target systems.
The results are returned as a path in the following manner:
GroupA, GroupB, GroupC, GroupD, GroupE
What this means is GroupB is a member of GroupA, GroupC is a member of GroupB, and so on and so
forth. The final  group, GroupD is the owner of the firs t group, GroupA
Executable : grouploops
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
GroupID Type the ID of the group or search to find a group for
which you want to generate the report.
Target system ID Type in target system ID or search to find target system to
report all cyclic groups on that target.
Resource attribut es
Purpose : Returns resources based on their attribut es.
Executable : resourceattributes
Search Criteria :Criteria Description
Resource type Select a resource type:
▪Template account▪
▪Target system▪
▪Managed group▪
▪Role▪
▪ Segr eg ation  of duties ▪
▪Managed system▪
▪Managed account▪
This criterion is not available for summarized reports.
Resource attribut e Select a resource attribut e  on which to filt er  resources.
You can select up to eight attribut es.  The union of all
attribut es  c on figur ed  will be returned. For detailed
r eporting ,  only the resource attribut es  for the resource
type c on figur ed  are available. For summarized r eporting ,
all resource attribut es  are available.
If no attribut es  are specified,  the report lists all resources
filt er ed  by resource type.
Comparison This field  is displayed if a Resource attribut e  field  is
something other than Attribut e  not required . Select the
comparator to apply on the selected resource attribut e.
Comparators available depend on the resource attribut e
type.
is empty  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search on
empty values.
is not empty  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on non empty values.
is equal to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on values equal to a specified  string.
is not equal to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on values not equal to a specified  string.
is less than  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on values that are less than a specific  integer.
is less than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are less than or equal to a
specific  integer.
is greater than  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on values that are greater than a specific  integer.
is greater than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are greater than or equal
to a specific  integer.
is later than today + N days  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on dates that are later than N days after
today.Criteria Description
is earlier than, or equal to, today - N days  if you want
Bravura Security Fabric  to search on dates that are earlier
or equal to N days before today.
Value This field  is displayed and required if a Comparison field
is set to something other than is empty  or is not empty .
Type or select the value to compare.
Resource attribut e  to display Choose which resource attribut es  to display alongside
the resources.
Summarize report Select this option  to summarize the report.
In this mode, the report includes a count of each
resource type.
If you do not specify any search criteria, the report output includes all resources.
Entitlemen ts  with invalid implementers
Purpose : Reports on entitlemen ts  with invalid or no implementers.
Executable : invalidimplementers
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Report type Select a report type:
Invalid implementers : lists all implementers that are no
longer valid; for example, implementers that were
removed from the target system.
No implementer : lists all resources that have empty user
class as implementers or no implementers in user class.
Entitlemen t  type This is the type of resource from which you want to list
invalid or no implementers. Select an entitlemen t  type:
▪Target system▪
▪Template account▪
▪Managed group▪
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs to list entitlemen ts  from those systems. Alt ernativ ely ,
you can search for one or more target systems.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to
Target system  or Managed group
Managed groups Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of managed
groups to list entitlemen ts  for those groups. Alt ernativ ely ,
you can search for one or more managed groups.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to
Managed group .Criteria Description
Template accounts Select one or more accounts.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type  is set to
Template account and there is at least one template
account de fined.
Include inherited implementers Select to include implementers inherited from the target
system.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to
Template account  or Managed group .
Include discovery templates Select to include discovery templates for target systems.
This option  is only displayed if Entitlemen t  type is set to
Target system .
Entitlemen ts  analysis reports
Some entitlemen t  analysis reports are expected to take longer than other reports. Consider scheduling
these reporting  tasks at an appropriate time.
SSH Web of Trust
Purpose : Allows you to query on the current c on figur ation  of the SSH web of trusted accounts.
You may need to run auto discovery before running the report in order to include temporary SSH trust
relationship s  created from privileged access check-outs.
Executable : sshtrustweb
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Report type There are three types of reports to select from:
Account detail s: Lists all SSH c onnections  between
accounts. This is the default setting.
Source account summary : Shows the number of
accounts a source account can directly or indirectly
access.
Destination  account summary : Shows the number of
accounts that can directly or indirectly access a
destination  account.
Source account Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of IDs of source
accounts to include in the report. This option  is only
available when Report type  is set to Account details  or
Source account summary .
Alt ernativ ely ,  search for one or more account IDs.Criteria Description
Source system Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of IDs of source
target systems to include in the report. This option  is only
available when Report type  is set to Account details  or
Source account summary .
Alt ernativ ely ,  search for one or more target system IDs.
Source pr ofile Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of source pr ofile
IDs to include in the report. This option  is only available
when Report type  is set to Account details  or S ource
account summary .
Alt ernativ ely ,  search for one or more pr ofile  IDs.
Destination  account Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of IDs of
destination  accounts to include in the report. This option
is only available when Report type  is set to Account
details  or Destination  account summary .
Alt ernativ ely ,  search for one or more account IDs.
Destination  system Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of IDs of
destination  target systems to include in the report. This
option  is only available when Report type  is set to
Account details  or Destination  account summary .
Alt ernativ ely ,  search for one or more target system IDs.
Minimum total access count Type the minimum number of total access each account
must have in the report. This option  is only available
when Report type  is set to Source account summary  or
Destination  account summary .
Graph type Select a type of graph to generate for the summarized
report. This option  is only available when Report type is
set to Source account summary  or Destination  account
summary .
None : no graph will be generated.
V ertic al  bar chart : a v ertic al  bar chart will be generated
for the summarized report.
Horizontal bar chart : a horizontal bar chart will be
generated for the summarized report.
User and entitlemen t  cluster discovery
Purpose : Discover clusters of users and entitlemen ts  by combining the ones who have the same pr ofile
attribut es.
Executable : rolemining
Search Criteria :Criteria Description
Pr ofile  attribut e Select a pr ofile  attribut e  ID, up to a maximum of four to
compare entitlemen ts  of users.
Value type The value type of the pr ofile  attribut e  comparator.
Becomes visible once a Pr ofile  attribut e  has been
selected.
Value Only available for certain Value type settings.  The value
of the pr ofile  attribut e.
Minimum number of users with the same values for
each of the specified  attribut esInput a minimum amount of users that need to have the
same value for each specified  attribut e.  Set to 1 by
default.
Minimum number of roles a user must have Input a minimum amount of roles that a user must have
in order to be included in the report results. Set to 0 by
default.
Maximum number of roles a user may have (-1=in finit e) Input a maximum amount of roles that a user may have
in order to be included in the report results. Set to -1
(in finit e)  by default.
Include target systems Select whether to include target systems in the report
output.
Minimum number of target systems in cluster Only visible when Include target systems checkbox is
checked. Choose the minimum amount of target systems
for a single cluster to be displayed by the report. Set to 0
by default.
Minimum threshold for target systems (%) Only visible when Include target systems  checkbox is
checked. Choose a threshold percentage of users for any
pr ofile  attribut e  that a target system must have in order
to be displayed by the report. Set to 0 by default.
Target system ID Only visible when Include target systems  checkbox is
checked. Specify which target systems are to be included
in the report. Inputting  no target systems will make the
report include all target systems in its output.
Target system type Only visible when Include target systems  checkbox is
checked. Specify which target system types are to be
included in the report. Selecting  no target system types
will make the report include all target system types in its
output.
Include groups Select whether to include groups in the report output.
Minimum number of groups in cluster Only visible when Include groups  checkbox is checked.
Choose the minimum amount of groups for a single
cluster to be displayed by the report. Set to 0 by default.
Minimum threshold for target systems (%) Only visible when Include groups  checkbox is checked.
Choose a threshold percentage of users for any pr ofile
attribut e  that a group must have in order to be displayed
by the report. Set to 0 by default.Criteria Description
Target system ID Only visible when Include groups  checkbox is checked.
Specify which groups are to be included in the report.
Selecting  no groups will make the report include all
groups in its output.
Show summary Choose whether to summarize the report output
Compare users
Purpose : Compare entitlemen ts  between users who have the same pr ofile  attribut es.
Executable : entitlementscomparison
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Pr ofile  attribut e Select a pr ofile  attribut e  on which to compare users. You
can select up to eight attribut es.  You can also select the
same attribut e  multiple  times.  All pr ofile  attribut es  are
available, except for request-only attribut es.
At least one pr ofile  attribut e  is required for the report to
run.
Value type This field  is displayed if a Pr ofile  attribut e  field  is other
than Attribut e  not required . Select the value type of
comparator to apply on selected the pr ofile  attribut e.
Diff er en t  types of attribut es  have access to diff er en t  sets
of value types.
is empty  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search on
empty values.
is not empty  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on non empty values.
is equal to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on values equal to a specified  string.
is not equal to  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on values not equal to a specified  string.
is less than  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to search
on values that are less than a specific  integer.
is less than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are less than or equal to a
specific  integer.
is greater than  if you want Bravura Security Fabric  to
search on values that are greater than a specific  integer.
is greater than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are greater than or equal
to a specific  integer.Criteria Description
is greater than or equal to  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on values that are greater than or equal
to a specific  integer.
is later than today + N days  if you want Bravura Security
Fabric  to search on dates that are later than N days after
today.
is earlier than, or equal to, today - N days  if you want
Bravura Security Fabric  to search on dates that are earlier
or equal to N days before today.
Value This field  is displayed and required if a Value type  field  is
set to something other than is empty  or is not empty .
Type or select the value to compare with.
Entitlemen ts  to show Select the type of entitlemen t  that will be included in the
report:
▪Accounts▪
▪Managed groups▪
▪Roles▪
Target system ID Type a comma-and-space-delimited list of target system
IDs to only include Accounts and Managed groups from
those systems in the report. Alt ernativ ely ,  you can search
for one or more target systems.
Transpose output Select this checkbox to display all the entitlemen ts  held
by a set of users. When the number of users is modest
but the number of entitlemen ts  is very large, the original
layout of the report has users as rows and entitlemen ts
as columns, which is hard to read. The transpose option
presents report data in a user friendly way and lets the
viewer easily see what entitlemen ts  the users have in
common.
Compare roles
Purpose : Compares entitlemen ts  in selected roles.
Executable : rolesentitlementscomparison
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Roles to compare Type a comma and space delimited list of role IDs to
compare. Alt ernativ ely ,  search for one or more roles.
Entitlemen t  type List of entitlemen ts  to search for and display:Criteria Description
Roles – sub-roles as entitlemen ts  of the roles to
compare.
Search for one or more sub-roles.
Template accounts  – templates as entitlemen ts  of the
roles to compare
Managed groups  – managed groups as entitlemen ts  of
the roles to compare.
Search for one or more groups.
All are displayed by default.
Minimum number of roles containing entitlemen t Type a number in this field  to only include entitlemen ts
that are contained by more than the specified  number of
Roles.
Expand sub-roles Include indirectly assigned entitlemen ts  (via sub-roles)
when showing entitlemen ts  assigned to a role.
Show how entitlemen ts  are attached Display Required and Optional  for role entitlemen ts.  If
the option  to expand sub-roles is enabled, display the
sub-roles from which they were inherited.
Summarize report Select this checkbox to summarize the report details. In
this mode, role columns will be converted to a comma
separated list.
Users with common entitlemen ts
Purpose : Users who have a minimum number of entitlemen ts  from a set.
Executable : entitlementcommonuser
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Memberships in these managed groups Select or search for zero or more managed user groups.
Accounts on these target systems Select or search for zero or more target systems
At least one of the above is required.
Number of entitlemen ts  selected above that users must
haveUsers must have at least this many of the above
entitlemen ts  to be listed
Pr ofile  attribut e  to display Select the pr ofile  attribut es  to show for each user listed.
Show accounts Check to include account IDs in full for each target system
and group membership (instead of check marks)
Summarize report Check to only show the number of users matching the
criteria above, instead of the listOverlapping roles
Purpose : Lists roles that share a given number of entitlemen ts  (accounts, group memberships, sub-roles)
with a given reference role.
Executable : rolessharingentitlements
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Reference role The reference role to compare with.
Minimum number of shared entitlemen ts The minimum number of overlaps that the other listed
roles must have with the reference role.
Expand sub-roles Include indirectly assigned entitlemen ts  (that is,
entitlemen ts  assigned via sub-roles) when c ounting  the
overlapping entitlemen ts.
E ff ectiv e  role assignment
Purpose : For a selected reference role, the report shows all users who meet the required, optional  and
legacy entitlemen ts  specified  for this role with their entitlemen t  s t atistics  and the roles those users have
been assigned to.
Executable : effectiverole
Search Criteria :
Criteria Description
Reference role Enter or search for the role to check e ff ectiv e  assignment
for.
Include explicitly assigned users Select this checkbox to include those users that have
been assigned to the reference role.
Minimum percentage of required entitlemen ts Type an integer between 0 and 100 to only display users
that have the "Percentage of role’s required
entitlemen ts"  greater than or equal to this integer. It is
set to 0 by default.
Minimum percentage of optional  entitlemen ts Type an integer between 0 and 100 to only display users
that have the "Percentage of role’s optional
entitlemen ts"  greater than or equal to this integer. It is
set to 0 by default.
Minimum percentage of legacy entitlemen ts Type an integer between 0 and 100 to only display users
that have the "Percentage of role’s legacy entitlemen ts"
greater than or equal to this integer. It is set to 0 by
default.