Bravura Security Fabric  has issued the request and is w aiting  on approval from CELESH.
7.Wait 10 seconds.7.
8.View request details and authorizers.8.
After  every 10 seconds the request will show CELESH’s authoriz ation  delegated further and further up
the management chain in the order: LESLIP , CORDEH, HANKB, and BRYANW.
Even after  the request authoriz ation  is escalated up several levels of management, any one of the
original authorizers or new authoriz ation  escalates can approve the request. In this case, CELESH,
LESLIP , CORDEH, HANKB, and BRYANW all have the ability to approve/deny the request.9.Open the Mail folder in the <Program Files path>\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\Logs9.
\<instance> directory.
You should see e-mail messages sent to BILLIG and CELESH when the request was issued labeled with
"Request submitted ..." and " Please approve ...", r espectiv ely .  Additional  messages are
shown to have been sent in order to LESLIP , CORDEH, HANKB, and BRYANW with the subject line of
"Escalation ..." when the request was escalated every ten seconds after .
Act as a delegate
Open a new tab and as CORDEH, approve the request on behalf of the group’s manager:
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as CORDEH  with password North*1 . 1.
2.Click the link: There are 1 request(s) a w aiting  your approval  as a delegate. 2.
3.Select the request.3.4.Click Approve . 4.
Con firm  the action  by clicking Approve again.
5.Return to the browser tab where BILLIG is logged in.5.
6.Click Refresh  
 to view the request details. 6.
You can now see that the request has been approved and processed.Update esc alation  timeout
Now that you have seen how esc alation  works, the esc alation  timeout  will be adjusted to a more r ealistic
value of 1 hour.
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser .. 1.
2.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > Esc alation . 2.
3.Change the ESCALATION TIMEOUT  to 3600 . 3.
4.Click Update . 4.
Example: Delegate a single request
The Scenario.im_c orp_deleg a t e_filt er_or g chart  component provides functionality  which filt er s  the list of
available users who may be delegated authoriz ation  authority based on their level in the OrgChart.
This implements an OrgChart-based filt ering  of pot ential  delegates. When installed, it allows a primary to
delegate only to someone on the same level (same manager) or higher on the OrgChart.
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Workforce P attern  and Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪There is an Activ e  Directory target system set up as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
▪The Activ e  Directory target is c on figur ed  to create the OrgChart based on the manager attribut e. ▪
▪User Adam is the manager of the IT-DB-READWRITE group.▪
▪The OrgChart looks something like the following:▪Delegate a single request
Login as Debbie to request to join the IT-DB-READWRITE group.
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as Debbie. 1.
2.Click View and update pr ofile  in the My pr ofile  section. 2.
3.Click Change group membership  near the bottom  of the page. 3.
4.Search for and check the box for the IT-DB-READWRITE group.4.
5.Click Submit . 5.
Adam is the authorizer. Login as Adam, then check the request and search for a possible delegate. You
will find all the users in the or g aniz ation  are listed.
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as Adam. 1.
2.Click the There are 1 request(s) a w aiting  your approval  link or click Requests  in the Requests  section. 2.
The Requests app opens.3.Click the request and click Delegate . 3.
4.Search for the Delegate . Note the search finds  all the users in the or g aniz ation. 4.
Install the Scenario.im_c orp_deleg a t e_filt er_or g chart  component
To install the component: