Argument Description
-pr ofile  <pr ofile  ID> Run psupdate for a single user de fined  by a Bravura
Security Fabric pr ofile  ID. You can use this with the -target
option  zero or more times  to specify the targets on which
psupdate will update the accounts. When used without
the -target option,  psupdate will update the accounts
on all target systems.
-account <pr ofile  ID> Run psupdate for a single user de fined  by an account
ID on a single specified  target system. You must use the -
target option  to specify the target system.
-target <target ID> Specify a target system on which psupdate will list a
single user. This option  must be used with the -pr ofile,  -
account, -list or -loaddb option.
-targetdiscovered Specify all discovered target systems.
-targetmanual Specify all target systems that are manually de fined.
-forcerun Force psupdate to have it c ontinue  even if it looks like
psupdate is already running or scheduled to run on some
other node.
-r esattr Select target systems based on a specified  resource
attribut e  ID. This option  must be used with the -
r esattr v alue  and -target option.
-r esattr v alue Select target systems that match a resource attribut e
value. This option  must be used with the -r esattr  and -
target option.
-schedule Creates the default scheduled task to run psupdate if
it does not already exist. No other tasks are run.Argument Description
-status Returns the current status of the auto discovery process:
▪No c on figur ation  changes can be made until  it is ▪
completed %RUNNINGACTIONS%
▪Running connector for target [%TARGETID%] (elapsed▪
time:  %ELAPSEDTIME%)
▪ Listing  files on proxy [%PROXYSERVER%] (elapsed ▪
time:  %ELAPSEDTIME%)
▪Loading staging table [%STAGETABLE%] (elapsed time: ▪
%ELAPSEDTIME%)
▪Running plug-in [%PLUGIN%] (elapsed time: ▪
%ELAPSEDTIME%)
▪Running stored procedure [%STOREDPROC%] (elapsed▪
time:  %ELAPSEDTIME%)
▪ R eplic ating  file [%REPLFILE%] to proxy ▪
[%PROXYSERVER%] (elapsed time:  %ELAPSEDTIME%)
▪ Updating  database (%ACTION%) ▪
▪ Listing  target (%ACTION%) ▪
▪ Updating  proxy (%ACTION%) ▪
-v — --version Display version in f ormation.
Examples
1.To run auto discovery, as it would be run during the scheduled psupdate job, type:1.
psupdate.exe
2.To determine the current status of the auto discovery process, type:2.
psupdate.exe -status
3.To list in f ormation  from all manually added target systems, type: 3.
psupdate.exe -targetmanual -list
4.To list in f ormation  from the target system ADDOM, type: 4.
psupdate.exe -target ADDOM -list
5.To list in f ormation  without running plugin scripts, type: 5.
psupdate.exe -targetmanual -targetdiscovered -list -no-plugins
6.To list, load, and evaluate in f ormation  from all discovered target systems, type: 6.
psupdate.exe -targetdiscovered -list -loaddb -import
7.To update accounts for a single pr ofile  on all target systems, type: 7.
psupdate.exe -profile <profile ID>
8.To only list from specified  target systems that have "New York" as a value for resource attribut e 8.
"Loc ation".
psupdate.exe -list -resattr Location -resattrvalue "New York" -
target TARGET1  -target TARGET2
for command-line options  and examples.2.Log in to the web app as the requester2.
3.Click Groups 3.
4.Click My memberships  from the left panel 4.
The All users at ABC Inc. group is now assigned to the requester4 Automated User Adminis tr ation
You can use Bravura Security Fabric  to implement an automated user adminis tr ation  system, or a rules-
based provisioning system. Bravura Security Fabric  can monitor an e xisting  system of record, such as a
human resources system or corporate directory, track changes, and then aut omatic ally:
▪Propagate changes to target systems by:▪
▪ Cr eating  users ▪
▪Changing user attribut es ▪
▪Changing user group membership▪
▪Changing user role membership▪
▪ Deleting  e xisting  users ▪
▪Submit access change requests via Bravura Security Fabric ’s authoriz ation  w orkflo w  system. ▪
Authorizers are notified  by email, then use Bravura Security Fabric  to approve, modify, or deny the
request. If approved, Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally  applies the changes.
Aut omation  occurs during auto discovery  and can be controlled by a script.
Aut omation  is triggered based on tracking changes to user pr ofiles,  user accounts, user group
membership, account or pr ofile  and request attribut es.  Tracked changes are stored in diff sets. By default
the latest diff set is used, although older diff sets are retained and can be used as an alt ernativ e.
Changes detected by Bravura Security Fabric  are passed through a data filt er ,  which removes users that
are outside Bravura Security Fabric ’s scope. For instance, in a scenario where Bravura Security Fabric
manages all users in one country, but the HR system is global, Bravura Security Fabric  would filt er  out
changes to users from other countries.
Automated user adminis tr ation  aggregates all changes to a given user and executes business logic, with
the set of changes as input. This is best illustrated with some examples:
Detected change Actions Net result
New user appears in an HR
applic ation.Look up appropriate role based on
the user’s loc ation  and job code.
Submit a change request to the
Bravura Security Fabric w orkflo w
engine, to create a new user, with the
HR-provided identity  attribut es  and
with resources specified  by the role.Auto-provisioning.Detected change Actions Net result
New phone number detected on
white pages directory.White pages has a higher priority for
the phone number attribut e  than
other systems.
Submit a change request to the
Bravura Security Fabric w orkflo w
engine, to change the phone number
in the user’s pr ofile.
Once approved (most likely
aut omatic ally),  the new phone
number is mapped to other login IDs
belonging to the user, and connectors
are run to update this in f ormation  on
other systems.Identity  s ynchr oniz ation.
Change to t ermination  date is
detected on the HR system.Using the identity  s ynchr oniz ation
mechanism described above, set this
date on the user’s pr ofile.
A separate batch process periodically
identifies  users with today or earlier
t ermination  dates, and submits
requests to disable all accounts for
every matching userAutomated t ermination.
User disappears from system of
record (HR).Look up all of a user’s login IDs.
Submit a “disable all accounts”
change request to the Bravura
Security Fabric  w orkflo w  engine.
Given the source of the request
(employee gone from HR), this type
of change may be auto-approved.Automated t ermination  (2nd
method).Detected change Actions Net result
User was added to Administrators
group on Activ e  Directory domain.Since the change was detected on AD,
it follows that it was not initia t ed  by
Bravura Security Fabric .
Submit two change requests to the
w orkflo w  engine:
▪Remove the user from the▪
Administrators group (this is an
auto-approved change).
▪Add the user from the▪
Administrators group (requires
approval).
Submit a security alarm tick e t  to
the help desk system.Detect unauthorized privilege
esc alation.
How automated user adminis tr ation  works
Bravura Security Fabric  uses iddiscover  and idtrack  to communicate with the W orkflo w  Manager
Service to propagate changes from an authorit ativ e  target system to other target systems.
1.The iddiscover program compares the contents of new data, extracted from target systems into 1.
SQLite .db files,  with the data in the Bravura Security Fabric  database. Depending on which tracking
options  are turned on, the program creates a diff set with a globally unique identifier  (GUID) and a
time  stamp.
2.The idtrack program uses the diff sets to track changes to users, user attribut es,  and user group 2.
membership on target systems.
3.The idtrack program can then aut omatic ally  propagate user attribut e  changes to any managed 3.
system.
The idtrack program can generate a work file that only describes changes to user attribut es,  for
t esting  or logging purposes. You can use this option  instead of, or in addition  to, e x ecuting  attribut e
changes.
4.An optional  idtrack.psl script can use any tracked change to perform any provisioning oper ation 4.
supported by the API. The script is required when pr opag ating  user account and user group
membership changes.
Setting  up automated user adminis tr ation
To set up automated user adminis tr ation:
1.Determine what you want to track.1.
At a minimum, track changes to user attribut es  either at the target system or pr ofile  and request
attribut e  level. User attribut e  tracking is the only change that can be aut omatic ally  propagated
without the use of a script.
Track at least one change to:▪User accounts on target systems  (on page 480) ▪
▪Account attribut es  (on page 566) ▪
▪Group membership  (on page 585) ▪
In addition  to a change tracking option,  managed groups also include an option  to detect out-of-
band changes and aut omatic ally  submit requests to undo or redo them using Bravura Security
Fabric  w orkflo w .
You can track all managed groups by default by enabling the Manage the system > Resources >
Options  > AUTO TRACK MGROUP setting.
▪ Pr ofile  and request attribut es  (on page 1930) ▪
2.Determine what changes you want to make to subordinate systems, attribut es,  or groups. 2.
3.Set pr ofile  and request attribut e  logic  (on page 1302) settings  for aut omatic  pr opag ation  as required. 3.
4.If required, write an idtrack.psl script that tells idtrack  (on page 2431)  which automated 4.
provisioning tasks must be performed.
The script is required to automate provisioning of changes to accounts, group memberships, or
account attribut es.  It is optional  when tracking pr ofile  and request attribut es.
It is not necessary to schedule idtrack as it is always executed during auto discovery .
5.Set the KEEP DIFF DAYS variable in Maintenance > Options  if you want to limit the number of diff sets 5.
stored in the database. By default Bravura Security Fabric  keeps them forever.
6.Set up s t atic  authoriz ation  for aut omatic  or scripted pr opag ation  by assigning authorizers at the target 6.
system level, or determine authoriz ation  dynamically with a plugin program.
7. Con figur e  Automated w orkflo w  request options  (on page 2443). 7.
Use cases
This section  provides use cases to illustrate how automated user adminis tr ation  can be implemented
with Bravura Identity .
HR Database
Existing  process 
Case-1 Company currently uses a manual procedure for login ID additions  and changes. When a new
employee is hired, Human Resource personnel enter data into a P eopleSoft  database. The employee’s
manager must then ask individual security administrators to set up access on the following systems:
▪Windows 2008 Activ e  Directory ▪
▪Lotus Notes ID files ▪
▪Lotus Notes Domino/HTTP▪
▪Siebel CRM▪
▪Oracle database applic ation ▪
Requirements Case-1 Company needs to c ontinue  to use the e xisting  hiring and data input processes, and enhance
them by pr opag ating  user in f ormation  and aut omating  the cr eation  of login IDs on target systems.  
Solution  design 
Bravura Identity  polls the e xisting  HR system (P eopleSoft)  for changes and automates standard
adminis tr ation  tasks such as the cr eation  of login IDs.
Case-1 will use its e xisting  process for input, r outing  and approval. New access request data will be
entered into the P eopleSoft  applic ation,  including:
▪The systems to which users should have access▪
▪Details on the attribut es  required by other systems to create the new accounts ▪
A process is implemented to extract data from P eopleSoft  and propagate it to target systems.
The new process is as follows:
1.Human Resource personnel enter data for new access request into P eopleSoft. 1.
2.Bravura Identity  periodically checks the database for new access requests, and aut omatic ally  creates 2.
accounts on systems managed by Bravura Identity .
This process is illustrated below:
Case study 1: Hiring processAccount s ynchr oniz ation
Existing  process 
Case-2 Company currently has manual processes for cr eating  accounts on Activ e  Directory and Solaris 8
systems. The two systems use two diff er en t  c on v entions  for cr eating  login IDs.
Requirements 
Case-2 Company wants to synchronize user login IDs and passwords in Case-2’s Activ e  Directory and
Solaris 8 environments. To ease the s ynchr oniz ation  for e xisting  users and new users, Case-2 requires a
tool that can:
▪Do a bulk s ynchr oniz ation  for users that currently exist in Activ e  Directory, but not Solaris 8. ▪
▪Monitor new account cr eation  in Activ e  Directory and create an account in the Solaris 8 environment ▪
with a synchronized ID on an on-going basis.
▪Synchronize the users’ passwords after  the accounts have been provisioned. ▪
Case-2 wants to combine the Activ e  Directory display name and phone number to create users’ full
names on Solaris 8.  
Solution  design 
To resolve the requirements as described above, the company will:
1.Manually rename e xisting  login IDs on Activ e  Directory to be consistent with the login ID naming 1.
standard on Solaris.
2. Con figur e  Bravura Identity  to target: 2.
▪Windows 2008 Activ e  Directory - 1 domain; specific  OU’s only. ▪
▪Solaris 8 - using standard PAM module “pam_unix_so.1”; in a non-NIS/NIS+ environment.▪
3. Con figur e  Bravura Identity  to do a one-time  bulk cr eation  of accounts that exist on Activ e  Directory, 3.
but not on Solaris.
4. Con figur e  Bravura Identity  to monitor Activ e  Directory for new accounts on a c on figur able  schedule: 4.
▪If a new login ID is detected, then the user’s in f ormation  is propagated, and a new account is ▪
created in the Solaris environment.
▪The account created on Solaris is initially  assigned a random password. ▪
▪The Solaris user’s full name is formed from the Activ e  Directory display name and phone number ▪
(for example: John Doe 555-555-1212).
5.Inform users who have a new account on Solaris that they must change their password in Activ e 5.
Directory before using their new Solaris account.
6.Synchronize passwords on Activ e  Directory and Solaris using Bravura Pass ’s transparent password 6.
s ynchr oniz ation  technology.
Users now have a synchronized login ID and password on Activ e  Directory and Solaris. The process is
illustrated below.
Use case 2: Account s ynchr oniz ation  process