psntfclient -userid <user ID>[-url http[s]://<server>[:<port>]/
<path>/cgi/psn.exe ] [-targetid <target ID> ] [-width <width> -
height <height>] [-skin <skinID>] [-lang <lang-locale>]
Option  / Argument Description
-userid <userid> Use %USERNAME% to use the currently logged in user,
or specify a user ID.
-url <URL> The path to the User notific ations  (psn) module on the
Bravura Security Fabric  server. If used, this value
overrides the URL set during ins t allation.
-t ar g etid  <target ID> Specify a target system if the user ID is not a Bravura
Security Fabric  pr ofile  ID. The url can optionally  specify
a port and security.
-width <width> Specify the notific ation  window width.
-height <height> Specify the notific ation  window height.
-skin <skinID> Specify a skin ID. If used, this value overrides the one
that is specified  for the user in the LASTSKIN tag in the
userstat table.
-lang <lang-locale> Specify a language code for the language-locale. If used,
this value overrides the one that is specified  for the user
in the LASTLANG tag in the userstat table.
The Notific ation  Client has a minimum width and height of 913 x 338 pixels. If the specified  -width
or -height is less than the minimum required dimensions, or if there are any force-type notific ations,
then the browser opens at 913 x 338 pixels.
Examples
1.To launch the notific ation  page for user JOHNS: 1.
psntfclient.exe -userid JOHNS
2.To launch the notific ation  page for user JOHNS with specified  width and height: 2.
psntfclient.exe -userid JOHNS -width 913 -height 338
3.To launch the notific ation  page with the secure kiosk account (SKA) skin for user JOHNS: 3.
psntfclient.exe -userid JOHNS -ska 1
4.To launch the notific ation  page for the user aduser1 de fined  on target system AD1, overriding the 4.
default URL set during ins t allation,  and using SSL and port 8080:
psntfclient.exe -userid aduser1 -target AD1 -url https://
10.0.51.26:8080/idmsuite/cgi/psn.exe
5.To launch the notific ation  page for the user JOHNS and specifying a skin named myskin and 5.
specifying the fr-fr language and locale, overriding the values in the userstat table for LASTSKIN
and LASTLANG:
psntfclient.exe -userid JOHNS -skin myskin -lang fr-fr.
Notific ation  utility  (ntftrig g er)
Bravura Security Fabric  uses the ntftrigger  program to communicate with the Notific ation  Service
(psntfsvc ) and send out notific ations.  Scheduling a batch notific ation  creates a scheduled job to run
ntftrigger . You can use this program to test notific ations  rather than wait for the scheduled time.
See ntftrigger usage in f ormation  and examples
Web notific ations:
ntftrigger.exe -listusernotifications -user <user ID> [-
targetid <target ID>]
                 [-svcid <SVCID>] [-timeout <N>] [-threads <N> ]
                 [-increment I|N|P]
ntftrigger.exe -getusernotification -notifyid <notifyid> -
user <user ID>
                 [-targetid <target ID>]
                 [-svcid <SVCID>] [-timeout <N>] [-threads <N>]
                 [-increment I|N|P]
Batch notific ations:
ntftrigger.exe -runbatch -notifyid <notifyid> [-targetid <target ID>]
                 [-svcid <SVCID>] [-timeout <N>] [-threads <N>]
                 [-increment I|P]
Argument Description
-g e tusernotific ation Get a specified  web notific ation  for a specified  user.
-increment <increment> User notific ation  increment indicator:
I - increment
N - no increment
P - peek - used for a dry-run or test
The default for web notific ations  is N. The N indicator
does not apply to batch notific ations.
-lis tusernotific ations List all web notific ations  for a specified  user.
-notif yid  <notif yid> Notific ation  ID.
-runbatch Run a specified  batch notific ation.
-svcid <svcid> SVCID that the Notific ation  Service (p sntfs v c)  uses. If not
specified,  it is read from the instance’s registry.
-t ar g etid  <t ar g etid> Target system ID for the specified  account.
-threads <threads> Number of threads to send concurrent requests. If not
specified,  the default is 1.Argument Description
-timeout  <timeout> Connection  timeout  value. If not specified,  it is read from
the instance’s registry.
-user <user> Pr ofile  ID if TARGETID is not specified;  account/longid on
TARGETID otherwise.
Examples
1.To list web notific ations  for a specific  user: 1.
    ntftrigger.exe -listusernotifications -user brownwi
2.To list a specific  web notific ation  for a specific  user: 2.
    ntftrigger.exe -getusernotification -notifyid WEBNOTE -
user brownwi
3.To run a batch notific ation: 3.
   ntftrigger.exe -runbatch -notifyid BATCHNOTE
4.To dry-run a batch notific ation,  use the -increment P  option.  The batch notific ation  proceeds as 4.
usual with the compliance plugin and will return non-compliant users. The users' notific ation  status
will not be updated and the reminder plugin and action  plugin will not be executed. The option  is used
to test the notific ation.
   ntftrigger.exe -runbatch -notifyid BATCHNOTE -increment P
.
Password expiry de t ection
Bravura Security Fabric  can detect when users’ passwords are about to expire on some target systems. It
can also keep track of when their passwords will expire based on the last time  the passwords were
changed and Bravura Security Fabric  password policies. Based on these criteria, Bravura Security Fabric
can determine that it is time  for users to change their passwords.
. If both the target system Check password expiry  and Bravura Security Fabric password policy rule for
password must be changed every N days  are in eff ect,  the earliest expiry time  is used.
Bravura Security Fabric  informs users of the upcoming expiry, and asks them to change all of their
passwords using Bravura Security Fabric , rather than changing individual passwords on the target
systems as they expire. Bravura Security Fabric  notifies  users either by email, or by opening the user’s
browser to an in f ormativ e  page during network login.
Initial  c onsider ations
To determine the best solution  for expiry notific ation,  answer the following questions:
1.Where is the expiry in f ormation  coming from? 1.
You can gather a list of soon-to-expire users from:
▪One or more target systems▪In most environments, password aging is already implemented on one or more target systems.
Using target systems as the source means that users’ scheduled will not be interrupted.
▪The Bravura Security Fabric  database ▪
The Bravura Security Fabric  password policy rule for password must be changed every N days  is
enabled to expire passwords.
▪Both target systems and Bravura Security Fabric  database. ▪
For example, Con figur e  Bravura Pass  password policy to expire passwords every 80 days and – if
required – adjust password policy on integrated systems to expire passwords every 90 days. This
way, Bravura Pass  passwords will expire fir s t and users will never see the expiry warnings from
individual systems and applic ations.
Alternately, if feasible, set Bravura Pass  password expiry to 90 days and modify expiry on all
integrated systems to 100 days. This allows a typical or g aniz ation  to retain a 90 day expiry period
overall, but involves a bit more change control on e xisting  systems.
2.How do you want to notif y  users? 2.
You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to:
▪ Aut omatic ally  open a browser at the Bravura Security Fabric  web site when a user fir s t logs in. ▪
▪Send all users whose passwords are about to expire a batch email.▪
▪Take some other action. ▪
If password expiry is enabled on users’ primary login operating  system – for example, Active
Directory – it is recommended that you do not c onfigure  Bravura Security Fabric to notif y  users
whose password has already expired. This could lead to a situation  where a user logs in and
receives an expiry notific ation  from the operating  system, then changes his password using the
operating  system’s native  method. Once logged in, the user would receive a Bravura Security Fabric
notific ation  to change a password he’s already changed. It is also recommended that transparent
password s ynchroniz ation  is implemented in this case.
Configure  Bravura Pass to monitor upcoming password expiry on all systems. At a minimum, send
email reminders to users asking them to change their soon-to-expire password. Include a link to the
Bravura Pass URL in these emails.
Password expiry emails should be sent to users 10, 5, 3, 2 and 1 days before the current password
expires.
De t ecting  target system password expiry
1.Click Manage the System > Resources > Target systems . 1.
2.Select 
 the target system from which you want to get the expiry in f ormation. 2.
3.Ensure that the Check password expiry box is selected. 3.
4.Repeat for each target system to be considered for expiry.4.
For each target system with the Check password expiry setting  enabled, Bravura Security Fabric  records
the password e xpir ation  da t e/time,  and the last password change, during auto discovery.See also:
See Target Systems  (on page 480) for more in f ormation  about c on figuring  target systems.
De t ecting  password expiry based on Bravura Security Fabric  password policy
To check soon-to-expire passwords based on the last time  users changed their password, set up password
strength rules to add users’ password history to the Bravura Security Fabric  database and establish a
password expiry interval:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Password policies . 1.
2.Select 
 the policy you want to update. 2.
3.Select the Password policy tab. 3.
4.Set the Not be an old password rule to required, if you want to prevent users from selecting  a 4.
previously used password.
5.Enable the password must be changed every N days rule and set the value to the desired password 5.
expiry interval.
6.Click Update . 6.
Example: Detect soon-to-expire passwords
This example shows you how to c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to detect password expiry on an Activ e
Directory target system.
If both target password expiry and Bravura Security Fabric password history are in eff ect,  the earliest
expiry time  is used.
Requirements
This example assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system is added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
Use target system policy to record expiry
To use the target system policy:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser. 1.
2.Click  Manage the system > Resources > Target systems > Manually de fined. 2.
3.Select the Activ e  Directory target system. 3.
4.Ensure that the Check password expiry box is selected. 4.
For each target system with the Check password expiry setting  enabled, Bravura Security Fabric  records
the password e xpir ation  da t e/time,  and the last password change, during auto discovery.
Set Bravura Pass  password policy to use history rulesCon figur e  password expiry policy based on the last time  users changed their password using Bravura
Security Fabric .
A particularly  useful strength rule, not be an old password  prevents or warns users against reusing old
passwords. This ensures that if a user’s password was divulged in the past, it will not c onstitut e  a threat
in the future.
Details of history rule implemen t ation  are described here.
A particularly  useful strength rule, not be an old password prevents or warns users against reusing old
passwords. This ensures that, if a user’s password was divulged in the past, it will not c onstitut e  a threat
in the future.
This rule is implemented as follows:
▪Passwords are stored in the history database table.▪
Users’ passwords are cryptographically hashed. Data includes the pr ofile  ID, account ID, target ID, the
time  the password was modified,  and by whom.
▪Bravura Security Fabric  enforces password history by matching the newly requested password against ▪
all passwords used by that user on all target systems within the selected target system group. If there
is a match, Bravura Security Fabric  rejects the new password request.
▪Users can select a password that was used on target systems in a target system group other than the▪
ones selected for password change.
▪If used in c onjunction  with the have password rules apply to the fir s t N characters rule, new ▪
passwords will be historically compared on only the fir s t N characters.
▪Passwords in the history table that are older than a certain number of days may be accepted by▪
Bravura Security Fabric  if that has been c on figur ed  by the password rule allow old passwords after  N
days .
▪Whenever a password is successfully changed by Bravura Security Fabric , it is added to the history ▪
table. This includes passwords changed by:
▪Users of the Change passwords  (PSS) module ▪
▪help desk user s using the Help users  (IDA) module ▪
▪The Password Manager service (IDPM)▪
The number of days for allow old passwords after  N days  must be greater than the number of days for
password must be changed every N days .
The recommended setting  is that N = 6 x maximum age; for example, password must be changed every
N days  set to 30 days, and allow old passwords after  N days  set to 180 days.
If c onfigured  incorrectly, users are able to reset and "change" their password using their e xisting
password.
Bravura Security Fabric does not test prospective  passwords against the target system's password history.
Reset operations  may fail due to the target system rejecting  a password it identifies  as being reused.
Bravura Security Fabric only identifies  passwords changed through the password change (PSS),
transparent s ynchroniz ation  (idpm ) or help desk (IDA) moduleBy default Active  Directory expires passwords every 42 days, and does not allow users to use the last 10
passwords. This means users will not be able to reuse a password until  the 11th reset minimum,
assuming they only change their password when it expires. The setting  password must be changed every
N days  only prompts users to change their passwords when they login to Bravura Security Fabric. For use
cases where Bravura Security Fabric is only accessed when users lock themselves out or forget their
password, this setting  is not practic al.  This might be the case, for example, when password
s ynchroniz ation  is c onfigured  to be triggered from Active  Directory (transparent s ynchroniz ation).
To set rules for password history:
1.Log in to Bravura Security Fabric  as superuser. 1.
2.Click Manage the system > Policies > Password policies . 2.
3.Select the DEFAULT  policy. 3.
4.Click the Password policy  tab again for the default password policy. 4.
5.Set not be an old password  to "Required". 5.
6.Set password must be changed every N days  to "Enabled" and type 42. 6.
This value match the default Activ e  Directory password expiry setting  (see the note below).
7.Set allow reuse of old passwords after  N days  to "Enabled" and type 420 . 7.
This value matches the default Activ e  Directory setting.
8.Click Update . 8.
See also
▪Example: Forced-level password expiry web notific ation  (on page 450) ▪
▪Example: Con figuring  batch notific ation  for password expiry  (on page 460) ▪
Adding user in f ormation  to the database
Miscellaneous non-sensitiv e  in f ormation  about users can be stored in the Bravura Security Fabric
database USERSTAT  table. The in f ormation  is stored in tag/value pairs. The user notific ation  system can
search this in f ormation  and determine:
▪Whether an action  should be taken; for example by sending out a notific ation  to an individual user, or ▪
building a list of users to be disabled. Built-in plugins are available, and can evaluate a particular  value
according to a number of comparison rules. You c on figur e  built-in plugins using the Manage the system
(PSA) module.
▪Which users to evaluate by setting  up pre-c onditions . You may want to evaluate users in a certain ▪
loc ation,  or improve server performance by avoiding sending out too many messages at once.
You can use a notific ation  action  plugin to set a USERSTAT tag; for example, to escalate the severity of
notific ations.  You could set a tag to true if a user has failed to respond to warning-level reminders, then
use that tag in a force-level notific ation.
In addition,  you can query a number of built-in USERSTAT tagsTag Description Example
LASTPSL The last time  the use used the Attach  other
accounts module. The time  used is the
authentic ation  time  of the session.2021-10-28 14:40:16 (UTC-06:00)
LASTSKIN The last skin the user used. default
LASTLANG The last language the user used en-us
LASTPWCHGMODULE The last module used to reset the user's
password.pss,ida,idpm
PSLDONE The user has satis fied  mandatory account
requirements. This is de fined  by the per
target system setting  Users must have
accounts , and the global system variable
PSL_MIN_ACCOUNTS.
The allowed value true is set by
psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Attach  other accounts
module.true
PSQDONE The user has satis fied  the security question
requirement. The allowed value true is set
by psdonechk or when the user or a help
desk user uses the Update security questions
module.true
.
Con figuring  web notific ations
Applies to Bravura Pass license 
A web notific ation  can be triggered when a single user does something to cause the Notific ation  Client
(psntfclient ) on their w ork s t ation  to connect to the Notific ation  Service ( psntfsvc ) on the
Bravura Security Fabric  server. If the user requires a notific ation  from the product, such as when their
password is about to expire or they have not complied with a requirement, the Notific ation  Client can
open the user's web browser to a specified  page.
Once the Notific ation  Client has been installed, web notific ations  can be c on figur ed  to open the user's
web browser with the notific ation  when the user logs into their w ork s t ation.  If the Notific ation  Client is
not installed, web notific ations  can still be triggered to appear within Bravura Security Fabric  after  the
user logs into the product.Example: Acceptable use policy
You can use the web notific ation  module to force all users to view, then accept or decline an agreement,
such as an acceptable use policy. The following example shows you how to set up a force-level policy
agreement:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User notific ations  > Web notific ations . 1.
2.Click Add new … . 2.
3.Type the notific ation  ID and Description . The notific ation  ID can only contain ASCII characters. 3.
4.Set the notific ation  Severity to Forced . 4.
If the web browser is closed without the required action  taken, the user is forced to log out of the
w ork s t ation.
5.Set the Plugin to run to determine compliance to Query USERSTAT tag . 5.
6.Click Add. 6.
Bravura Security Fabric  warns you that the compliance plugin requires c on figur ation.
7.Click the c on figur e  icon 
 next to the compliance plugin field. 7.
8. Con figur e  parameters for agreement compliance: 8.
a.Direct users to external URL with the value PSNAUP. a.
This is required for a policy compliance plugin and directs users to a page where they view and
accept or decline agreement.
b.Type a Message to display to a non-compliant user . b.
c.In the Acceptable use policy section,  click Enabled . c.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays policy c on figur ation  settings.  Required settings  are pr e-c on figur ed
with m4 tags that are de fined  in <instance>\design\\src\z\psn.m4 . The tags are
mapped to macros de fined  in <instance>\design\\src\common\<lang>-<locale>-
language.kvg .
m4 tag macro en-us-language.kv g definition
!!!N_AUP_MESSAGE _PSN_AUP_TITLE Acceptable use policy
!!!N_AUP_BUTTON_ACCEPT BUTTON_ACCEPT Accept
!!!N_AUP_BUTTON_DECLINE  BUTTON_DECLINE  Decline
d.Modify policy c on figur ation  settings  to suit your policy. d.
For example, you may want to add a lengthier message in multiple  languages. You could add a
custom macro AUP_MESSAGE and include it under the !!!N_AUP_MESSAGE tag in
p sntfs v c.m4,  then de fine  the macro in custom language kvg files.
See Adding macros to messages  (on page 476) to learn how to add custom tags and macros.
e.Set the Tag that you want to evaluate to determine non-compliant users. e.
For example, set the tag name to AUP (if the tag does not exist, the plugin creates it) and set it
to ”must exist” and leave the value field  blank. This will flag users who do not have the tag or the
tag is blank.9.Click Update . 9.
When a user clicks Accept , the AUP DONE event action  is triggered. When a user clicks Decline , the AUP
NOT DONE event action  is triggered. You can c on figur e  these event actions  in the Manage the system  >
Modules User notific ations  (PSN) menu.
See also
Event actions  (exit traps)  (on page 1523)
Example: Forced-level password expiry notific ation
The following example shows you how to set up a force-level password expiry notific ation:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > User notific ations  > Web notific ations . 1.
2.Click Add new … . 2.
3.Type the notific ation  ID and Description . The notific ation  ID can only contain ASCII characters. 3.
4.Set the notific ation  Severity to Forced . 4.
If the web browser is closed without the required action  taken, the user is forced to log out of the
w ork s t ation.
5.Set the Plugin to run to determine compliance to Password expiry . 5.
6.Click Add. 6.
Bravura Security Fabric  warns you that the compliance plugin requires c on figur ation.
7.Click the c on figur e  icon 
  next to the compliance plugin field. 7.
8. Con figur e  parameters for password expiry. 8.
For example, select Internal link to direct users to the Change passwords (PSS) , and set the required
Number of days before expiry that the user will be notified  and Message to display to a non-
compliant user .