3.Select the checkbox for the account ID that you want to remove from being managed, click Delete , 3.
then click OK to c on firm  the action.
De fining  group sets
You can de fine  group set s in a managed system policy to determine which groups Bravura Privilege  can
grant users membership to. The managed system policy must have the group set authentic ation  type in
order to de fine  group sets. A group set can specify an individual group, such as Administrators on Activ e
Directory, or inclusion criteria to de fine  a set with multiple  groups. A user can check out a group set,
meaning their account is temporarily added to every matching group at checkout time,  and removed at
checkin time.  This eliminates the need to manipulate passwords when gr anting  access.
You can organize group sets, for example, to contain privileges that may be required to access files or
folders, or to perform a specific  task on an Activ e  Directory domain, a Windows server, or a Linux server.
A simple use case:
1.An administrator admin1 wants to perform a task on a managed system that requires group 1.
membership from groupA and groupB .
2.admin1 requests access to a group set groupsetX , which contains the required groups groupA and 2.
groupB .
3.Once approved by an authorizer, admin checks out groupsetX . 3.
4.admin1 is now given membership to groupA and groupB . 4.
5.admin1 performs the task with the required elevated privilege. 5.
6.Once finished  with the task, admin checks in groupsetX . 6.
7.admin1 is detached from groupA and groupB . 7.
If the user has membership in some groups in the group set prior to checkout of the group set, on
checkin/expiry, membership in those groups will not be removed – only those added by the temporary
checkout are removed.
Requirement
In order to de fine  group set s in a managed system policy , the Authentic ation  type on the General tab must
include ”Group set”.
Adding a group set
To add a group set :
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.Select the Group sets tab. 2.
3.Click Add new… to add a new group set . 3.
4.Type a unique identifier  containing only ASCII characters, and a description  of the group set. 4.
5.Select the Notif y  requesters of groups from this set that do not exist on the managed system they 5.
have selected if you want to notif y  requesters by email.6.Click Add. 6.
The group set should now appear in the list of Group sets.
 Next: 
Add groups as members of the group set.
Adding groups
You can de fine  group members in a group set  in several ways:
▪ Selecting  from a list of groups ▪
▪Adding a new group▪
▪Using group inclusion rules▪
Selecting  from the list of groups
You can choose which groups to add to the group set by selecting  them from a list of groups. Each group
contains a unique identifier ,  description,  and member system the group belongs to.
To add groups from a list of groups:
1.From the group set page  (on page 1841), add or select a group set and click the Explicitly attached 1.
groups sub-tab.
2.Click Select… to select from a list of groups to add to the group set. 2.
3.Select the groups you want to include in the group set . 3.
4.Click Select when you have finished  selecting  groups. 4.
The groups should now appear in the list of explicitly attached  groups.
Adding a new group to a group set
You can manually de fine  a group with an identifier  to be searched against the groups on members of the
managed system policy. If a group has a matching ID it will be included in the group set.
For example:
1.A managed system policy has member systems TargetA and TargetB . 1.
2.Both member systems have the same group named ManagedGroup . 2.
3.If you de fine  a new group named ManagedGroup , then Bravura Security Fabric  searches for this group 3.
on all member systems of the policy. Using this common group identifier ,  ManagedGroup from
TargetA and TargetB will be added to the group set.
To manually de fine  a group:
1.From the group set page  (on page 1841), add or select a group set and click the Explicitly attached 1.
groups sub-tab.
2.Click 
 Add new… . 2.
A virtual window appears.3.Specify a group identifier  and description. 3.
The group identifier  is c ase-insensitiv e.
4.Click Add. 4.
5.Close the virtual window.5.
The group should now appear in the list of explicitly attached  groups.
De fining  group set members using rules
You can de fine  groups aut omatic ally  for a group set  using inclusion rules. You can specify groups solely
using this method, or in c onjunction  with explicitly attached  groups. The groups are determined at
request time,  and are based on the groups that are currently discovered.
To add a new group inclusion rule:
1.From the group set page  (on page 1841), add or select a group set and click the Group inclusion rules 1.
sub-tab.
2.Click Add new… to create a new inclusion rule. 2.
3.Specify a unique ID, rule Type to test against, and Value . 3.
The value can be tested against:
▪Long ID▪
▪Short ID▪
▪System ID▪
▪ Description▪
Select the Use SQL ’LIKE’ expression checkbox if you want the value to match only part of the rule
type.
Select Case-sensitiv e  if you want the value to be matched as entered.
4.Click Add. 4.
The rule should now appear in the list of group inclusion rules.
 T esting  a group inclusion rule 
After  you have added a group inclusion rule, you can test it to see if includes groups that are currently
managed on member systems.
1.On the Group inclusion rules sub-tab, select a rule and click Test. 1.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the Test group inclusion rules  page.
2.Enter the Managed system ID you want to perform the test on, or leave the field  blank to include all 2.
groups that satis f y  the rule.
3.Click Test. 3.Specifying other target systems hosting  user accounts
By default, requesters will be able to request temporary group access to a group set  that contains groups
on the same managed system as the account requested for. However, it is also possible to de fine  target
systems where the accounts do not belong to the same managed system as the groups in the group set .
Some examples include, but are not limited to, r equesting  temporary access to domain groups for a
domain account on another domain in the forest, or r equesting  temporary access to local groups for a
domain account.
If you only want to grant temporary access to the group set  using an account from the managed system,
then specifying a target system is not required.
To include a target system that will be used when applying group memberships:
1.From the group set page  (on page 1841), add or select a group set and click the Target systems 1.
hosting  user account sub-tab.
2.Click Select... to add a target system hosting  user accounts. 2.
3.Select the target system that will be added to the group set . 3.
4.Click Select . 4.
The target system should now appear in the list of Target systems hosting  user account list.
Removing a group set from a managed system policy.
You can manually remove a group set  and its member groups from a managed system policy. If you
choose to remove a group set , all of its groups, inclusion rules and target systems de fined  in the group set
will be removed as well.
If a group set  is currently checked out, then it cannot be removed from a managed system policy.
To remove a group set  from a managed system policy, select the group set and click Delete .
Associating  import rules with a managed system policy
Once you have c on figur ed  import rules, you can associate the rule with a managed system policy, so that
discovered objects are aut omatic ally  added to the policy. You can do this from the Manage the system >
Privileged access > Import rules  menu, or from the Managed system policies  menu.
To associate an import rule with a policy from the Managed system policies  menu:
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). . 1.
2.On the General tab, select: 2.
▪Managed systems import rules to de fine  discovered managed systems as members of a push- ▪
mode managed system policy .
▪Managed accounts import rules to de fine  discovered accounts as managed accounts for a push- ▪
mode or local service managed system policy .
3.Click Update . 3.
You can now manually evaluate the import rule, or run auto discovery  to apply the rule.Modify the password policy
By default, Bravura Privilege  uses semi-complex password policy to generate random passwords for push
mode and local service mode managed system policies . The password policy is set for a managed system
policy  when the policy is created.
The managed system policy must have the password or SSH key authentic ation  type in order to modify
the password policy. You can modify the password policy for each managed system policy . To do this:
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.Select the Password policy tab. 2.
3. Con figur e  the rules de fined  in Table E diting  password strength rules  (on page 1003). 3.
4.Click Update . 4.
Note that:
▪If a managed system is a member of multiple  managed system policies , it uses the password policy of ▪
the managed system’s primary Managed system policy option,  which by default is the fir s t policy it
joined.
▪It is recommended that you limit how many managed system policies  (with diff er en t  password policies) ▪
a system belongs to. In the situation  where a managed system policy  is removed, all the managed
systems that were using its password policy will use the password policy of the next managed system
policy  that they belong to. This could result in unexpected behavior if you are not careful in how you
construct your managed system policies , password policies, and managed system policy  memberships.
▪It is highly recommended that you c on figur e  your password policies before Bravura Privilege  starts ▪
managing system passwords.
You can also write a plugin to decide which password policy to apply to a managed account. The plugin
must be identified  in the RES PWDPOL GET setting  (Manage the system > Privileged access > Options  >
Password r andomiz ation ). See more in f ormation  on how to write this plugin
Requirements
See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Ex ecution  points
The plugin is run when a managed account’s password strength is displayed and when the password is
randomized or o v er written.
Input
The plugin has access to the following KVGroup for member attribut es:
"" "" = {
      "accountID" = "<account Id>"
            "managedsystem" = "<Managed system ID>"
              "resourcegroupid" = "<Managed system policy id>"                "sessionid" = "<session id>"
}
Output
The plugin expects the following return value:
"" "" = {
      "retval" = "0"
            "passwordpolicy" = "<global password policy ID>"
            "errmsg" = "<error message>"
}
.
See Password Policy  (on page 999) for more in f ormation  about c on figuring  password policy.
Attaching  authorizers to managed system policies
Assign Authorizers to a managed systems policy to allow users to:
▪Request privileged access▪
▪Search recorded session data▪
▪Download recorded session data▪
▪View recorded session data▪
▪Extend a check-out▪
Users must be loaded into the Bravura Security Fabric database before you can de fine  them as
authorizers.
You must assign enough authorizers to meet the minimum number of authorizers requirement. If you do
not do this, requests involving the resource are aut omatic ally  denied unless authorizers are assigned by a
w orkflo w  plug-in.
The managed accounts will not be available for check-out if insufficien t  authorizers are assigned to the
managed system policy .
Con figuring  phased authoriz ation
If phased authoriz ation  is enabled, navigate to the target system’s Authoriz ation  page, then:
▪Click Add new… if you want to add a phase. ▪
▪To change the order of phases, change the numbers in the Authoriz ation  phase column and click ▪
Update .
▪Select a phase to de fine  authorizers and settings. ▪
Setting  the number of required approvals
To set authoriz ation  thresholds for a managed system policy:1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.Select the Authorizers tab. 2.
3.Select the appropriate sub-link:3.
▪Access to managed systems▪
▪Search recorded sessions▪
▪Download recorded sessions▪
▪View recorded sessions▪
▪Extend a check-out▪
Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
4.Type a value for the:4.
▪Minimum number of authorizers – A value of 0 means requests for the resource are auto- ▪
approved.
The default value is set by the MIN AUTHORIZERS  policy.
▪Number of denials before a change request is terminated – A resource request is canceled when ▪
this number of authorizers deny it, as long as the Minimum number of authorizers has not been
reached.
5.The default value is set by the MAX REJECTIONS  policy. 5.
6.Click Update . 6.
Assigning s t atic  authorizers
To assign a s t atic  authorizer to a managed system policy:
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.Select the Authorizers tab. 2.
3.Select the appropriate sub-link:3.
▪Access to managed systems▪
▪Search recorded sessions▪
▪Download recorded sessions▪
▪View recorded sessions▪
▪Extend a check-out▪
Select a phase if phased authoriz ation  is enabled.
4.Click Select... at the bottom  of the Authorizers table. 4.
5.Search for, or enable the checkboxes next to the authorizers that you want to assign.5.
6.Click Select at the bottom  of the page. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.
CAUTION: Ensure that you do not select a managed account when cr eating  an
authorizer. Managed accounts should not be used for any other purpose
in Bravura Security Fabric .Removing an authorizer from a managed system policy aut omatic ally  denies any pending account check-
out requests for the policy assigned to the authorizer.
Policies that a pr e-de fined  authorizer is assigned to are also listed on the Authorizer in f ormation  page.
Assigning authorizers by user class
To assign authorizers to a managed system policy based on user class:
1.Navigate to the Managed system policy in f ormation  page  (on page 1835). 1.
2.Select the Authorizers tab. 2.
3.Select the appropriate sub-link:3.
▪Access to managed systems▪
▪Search recorded sessions▪
▪Download recorded sessions▪
▪View recorded sessions▪
▪Extend a check-out▪
4.To de fine  membership criteria: 4.
▪Select e xisting  user classes: Click Select... and enable the checkboxes for the user classes you want ▪
to add, then click Select .
▪Create new user classes: Click 
 Add new… . See Adding user classes  (on page 738) for full details ▪
on how to create a new user class.
5. Con figur e  P articipan t  mapping for each user class that you add. 5.
Select and create user classes until  you have de fined  membership.
6.If your membership criteria includes multiple  user classes, de fine  whether users are required to match 6.
All of the user classes or Any of the user classes .
 Removing users from membership
To remove users from membership, you can:
1.Edit user classes to change the participan ts. 1.
2.Delete user classes from the membership criteria.2.
a.Navigate to the membership criteria  page where user classes are listed. a.
b.Enable the checkbox next to the user classes you want to delete.b.
3.Click Delete . 3.
De fining  access disclosure plugins
You must enable at least one access disclosure plugin  for a managed system policy before users can
access the password for accounts managed by that policy. You can set plugins for SSH key access, but this
is not required; users can simply use their e xisting  cr edentials  with the temporary SSH trust r elationship.
You can set plugins for group set access, but this is not required; users can simply use their e xisting
cr edentials  with temporarily heightened privileges.You can enable only one plugin to disclose old passwords for a managed system policy.
Bravura Privilege  ships with the following nativ e  access disclosure plugins:
▪Run command: pswcmdrun  is used with account set access requests. It allows users to run ▪
commands or scripts on multiple  managed systems using managed account cr edentials.
When a user checks out an account set, Bravura Security Fabric  displays a command e x ecution
window if any of the member systems support the run command oper ation.
Details: Run command: pswcmdrun  (on page 1959)
▪Command prompt: pswxcmd provides users with access to managed systems by e x ecuting  an ▪
external program and providing cr edentials.
There are three types of command prompt controls; one is specific ally  for accessing managed
accounts, and the other two are for temporary group membership, where the password can either be
passed onto the command line, or specified  upon c onnection  to the remote server.
This plugin is c ompatible  with session recording.
Details: Command prompt: pswxcmd  (on page 1960)
▪PuTTY over SSH▪
This is a pr ec on figur ed  pswxcmd  access disclosure plugin used for accessing managed accounts with
SSH keys instead of passwords.
This plugin is c ompatible  with session recording.
Details: PuTTY over SSH: pswxcmd  (on page 1963)
▪Copy: pswxcopy provides users with access to a password by copying it into the clipboard of the ▪
client w ork s t ation.
Details: Copy: pswxcopy  (on page 1964)
▪Remote desktop / Remote App RDP: pswxtsvc provides users with access to Windows server or ▪
client managed systems and RemoteApp programs using Remote Desktop Connection  (RDC). The
plugin provides aut omatic  c onnection  to the managed system without the need to enter the
adminis tr ativ e  cr edentials  for the managed account.
This plugin is c ompatible  with session recording.
Details: Remote desktop / Remote APP RDP: pswxtsvc  (on page 1964)
▪Display: pswxview  provides users with access to a password by displaying it within the browser. ▪
When the secure method is enabled, Bravura Security Fabric  uses JavaScript to decrypt the privileged
password embedded in the page.
If the insecure method is enabled, the browser can store passwords in plain text in the page source,
and users can access the accounts in browsers that do not have JavaScript enabled. Users access the
managed system by hovering their cursor over the View button.
Details: Display: pswxview  (on page 1970)
Bravura Privilege  ships with the following Guacamole access disclosure plugins:
▪In-browser RDP: guacamole-rdp provides users with access to Windows server or client managed ▪
systems using Remote Desktop Connection  (RDC).