      //$langmapping["777"] = "en-us"; 
      //$langmapping["888"] = "fr-fr";
Enabling this code will c on figur e  Phone Password Manager to aut omatic ally  provide service in an
alternate language, depending on the phone extension used to dial in to the system.
Phone Password Manager can off er  users any number of language options  by default. However, if you
wish to off er  ten or more language options  in the same menu, additional  c onfiguration  is required to
allow Phone Password Manager to prompt for, and accept two-button  input in the language selection
menu.
To help with tr anslations,  the vocal-script.txt  file in the <instance>\audio\en-us\ directory
contains a complete listing  of all shipped English-language files and their tr anscriptions.
HDD Encr yption  Audio files
Phone Password Manager includes support for HDD (Hard Disk Drive) Encr yption  agents  used by Bravura
Pass , such as agtmcee6  for McAfee McAfee Endpoint Encr yption  6.x.
To support these functions,  Phone Password Manager requires the "HDD Encr yption  Audio files"  package
to be installed on the system.
The HDD Encr yption  package includes several audio files which allow Phone Password Manager to
properly present to users the HDD Encr yption  functions.
If the HDD E ncr yption  Audio files package is added to a running ins t allation  which uses the Asterisk® 
backend, a Phone Password Manager service restart is required to help propagate the new audio files to
the Asterisk server.
No c on figur ation  is required for the HDD Encr yption  Audio files,  as the Phone Password Manager will
aut omatic ally  recognize the relevant agent and play the corresponding audio when required.
Mapping user IDs to telephone keypads
Users identif y  themselves to the IVR system by typing their IVR IDs on telephone keypads. An IVR ID is
the numeric r epr esen t ation  of one of their Bravura Pass  pr ofile  and request attribut es.  Therefore, each
user that logs into the Phone Password Manager system must fir s t exist in Bravura Pass .
You can change the pr ofile  and request attribut e  that is used as a source of users’ IVR IDs by using the
TPM ID ATTR option.  By default, pr ofile  IDs are used as the source of IVR IDs.
If users’ IVR IDs contain punctuation,  they should be instructed to skip all punctuation,  including # and ⋆,
when entering their IDs for v alidation.  For example, the IVR ID O’Hare should be entered as 64273.
Phone Password Manager assumes that telephone keypads are mapped according the current
in t ernational  standard (ITU E.161).
If this is not the case at your organiz ation,  contact support@bravurasecurity.com  for assistance. If Phone
Password Manager discovers multiple  matching usernames, then all matching users are listed with a
maximum of 9 users per page. At the end of any page, you can:
▪Press 0 to go back and enter another Bravura Pass  pr ofile  ID. ▪▪Press # to repeat the list of users, s t arting  from the fir s t page. ▪
If no selection  is made, the next page of users is played. At any time,  you can:
▪Press * to skip all previously played users, and play the remaining users, with a maximum of 9 users ▪
per page.
Using multiple  Bravura Pass  instances with Phone Password Manager
You can use multiple  Bravura Pass  instances with a single Phone Password Manager server, by adding the
LoadInstanceCFG function  in the psynch.psl  file (on page 1767); for example:
LoadInstanceCfg("C:\\Program Files\\Bravura Security\
\Telephone Password Manager\\My Instance\\script\\mypspushpass.cfg")
Multiple  Bravura Pass  instances require multiple  phone lines or extensions.Con figuring  Phone Password Manager
User Authentic ation
Secure methods of authentic ating  users to Phone Password Manager include:
▪Touch-tone authentic ation  (Numeric questions  and answers) ▪
Users key-in their answers to personal questions  using a telephone key pad.
You can set up Phone Password Manager to authentic a t e  users by pr ompting  them with questions
from their Bravura Pass  question  and answer pr ofiles.
▪Biometric voice print v erific ation ▪
Users speak one or more phrases so that their voice can be compared to a previously registered
sample.
In order to use voice print v erific ation,  users must fir s t register their voice samples. You can set up
Bravura Pass  to facilitate and secure the r egis tr ation  process.
This chapter shows you how to set up question  sets in Bravura Pass  that Phone Password Manager can
use to authentic a t e  users. See Self Service Anywhere In t er activ e  Voice Response systems  (on page 1637)
to learn how to set up self-service in t er activ e  voice response r egis tr ation.
Setting  up IVR question  sets
In order for Phone Password Manager to use questions  and answers from Bravura Pass  to authentic a t e
users, the following c onditions  must be met:
▪ Question  sets and questions  must be set up correctly for Phone Password Manager in t egr ation. ▪
▪Phone Password Manager question  sets must be pr e-de fined,  and all questions  must have all- ▪
numeric answers so they can be easily entered from a telephone keypad.
▪You can either add a new question  set specific ally  for the Phone Password Manager, or use the ▪
e xisting  pr e-de fined  question  set.
▪The question  set must have Ask telephone users to answer questions  from this set  enabled. ▪
▪Users must complete their security question  pr ofiles. ▪
▪Users’ completed pr ofiles  must include at least <N> questions  from each question  set that can be used ▪
for Phone Password Manager in t egr ation.
Where <N> is equal to the question  set’s Number of questions  to ask during authentic ation  setting.
Using the default question  set
Bravura Pass  is shipped with a pr e-de fined  question  set, DEFAULT_PREDEFQSET, that contains three
questions  that can be used for Phone Password Manager authentic ation:
▪What is your favorite or lucky number?▪
▪What was your fir s t telephone number? ▪
▪On what year did you purchase your fir s t car? ▪Adding question  sets
If you do not want to use the default question  set (DEFAULT_PREDEFQSET) for touch-tone authentic ation,
or if you want to strengthen the authentic ation  process, you can add more Phone Password Manager
specific  question  sets.
To do this:
1.Click Manage the system > Policies > Question  sets > Pr e-de fined  questions . 1.
2.If Bravura Pass  displays a list of e xisting  question  sets, click Add new...  at the bottom  of the list. 2.
3.Enable the Ask telephone users to answer questions  from this set  checkbox. 3.
4.Set appropriate options  for the new question  set. 4.
See details regarding question  set options
The following options  apply to question  sets:
Note: Options  marked with ⋆ are for pr e-de fined  question  sets only.
Options  marked with † are for external question  sets only.
Question  set options
Option Description
ID (Required) A unique identifier  for the new question  set.
Description (Required) The description  that Bravura Security Fabric displays to users.
Enabled Select this checkbox to enable the question  set for use with Bravura Security Fabric. This is
enabled by default.
⋆  Users allowed to edit answers Select this checkbox to allow regular users to edit answers in a pr e-de fined  question  set. This is
enabled by default. If disabled, this question  set will not be accessible through the Update
security questions  (PSQ) module.
†  Users allowed to edit questions/
ans w er sSelect this checkbox to allow regular users to edit questions  and answers in an external
question  set. If disabled, this question  set will not be accessible through the Update security
questions  (psq) module.
Minimum number of answered
questions  per user(Required) The number of questions  to which a user must provide answers. Set the value to 0
to make a question  set optional.
When you change this setting ,  Bravura Security Fabric aut omatic ally  schedules the
psdonechk program to run once to check compliance. To modify the scheduled job, click
Manage the system  > Maintenance > Scheduled jobs , then select PSDONECHK .
Answers in the set must be unique Select this checkbox to prevent users from giving the same answer to two diff er en t  questions.
Help-desk permissions Select a value to control how help-desk users can interact with questions  and answers in this
set:
▪Not allowed to view security questions ▪
▪Requires authentic ation  with security questions ▪
▪Allowed to view security questions ▪
See Help-desk permissions  (on page 1027) for details.Option Description
Ask users to answer questions  from
this setSelect this checkbox to prompt users to answer questions  from this set during authentic ation.
Ask telephone users to answer
questions  from this setSelect this checkbox to prompt Phone Password Manager users to answer questions  from this
set during in t er activ e  voice response (IVR) authentic ation.
Plugin for v alidating  answers (Optional)  The plugin to test the strength of questions  and answers when a user is updating
their Question  sets.
This option  is available in user -de fined  and pr e-de fined  question  sets.
Number of questions  to ask during
authentic ation(Required) Set the number of questions  to randomly draw from this set to ask a user during
authentic ation.
The number of questions  to ask cannot exceed the Minimum number of questions  user
pr ofiles  should contain . For an external question  set, set this number to -1 if you want to get
all questions  from the external source..
Page number for question  set to be
displayed in(Required) Users may be prompted to answer questions  in a sequence of authentic ation  pages.
Type an integer in this field  to make questions  in this set appear before or after  questions  in
other sets.
The page number must be unique for external question  sets.
Algorithm to match answers during
authentic ationSelect the algorithm to use when comparing the answers  (on page 1028) typed during
authentic ation  to the answers stored in the user’s pr ofile:
▪Exact string match▪
▪ Case-insensitiv e▪
▪Only alpha characters▪
▪Soundex algorithm▪
▪One extra character▪
▪N extra characters▪
†  External program (Required) The name of the external program, or authentic ation  plugin , to run.
See External question  set plugin tasks  (on page 1030) for details on the authentic ation  plugin
and how to correctly c on figur e  the question  set according to your needs and the c apabilities  of
the program.
This option  is only available for external question  sets.
†  Check that user has an account
on target systemDetermines how Bravura Security Fabric identifies  users on an external system.
See Identif ying  users on external systems  (on page 1030) for details.
†  External program provides
answers along with questionsSelect this checkbox if an external program will provide both questions  and answers for Bravura
Security Fabric to display and validate.
If this checkbox is not selected, then the program will accept answers from Bravura Security
Fabric and validate them.
This option  is only available for external question  sets.
See External question  set plugin tasks  (on page 1030) for details.
Note the following:▪ Questions  from any of the question  sets can only appear in the default security questions  if the ▪
value for Number of questions  to ask during authentic ation  is greater than 0 and Ask users to
answer questions  from this set is checked.
▪To prevent the order of questions  in a selected set from being randomized, set Number of ▪
questions  to ask during authentic ation  to -1. This is required for multi-s t ag e  question  sets, since
the order of entries is often  required to be shown in a particular  order.
▪If you enable, disable, or modify the Ask users to answer questions  from this set option  in a ▪
question  set that is part of any custom authentic ation  chains, then you must also modify the
chains. See Using question  sets with authentic ation  chains  (on page 1028)  for details.
.
5.Click Add. 5.
Add questions
In order for a question  to be suitable for touch-tone authentic ation,  it must have the following
char act eristics:
▪Answers are private – r elativ ely  hard for anyone other than the user to come by. ▪
▪Answers are easy – users should be able to quickly and reliably answer the question  without having to ▪
remember anything new, and with a low likelihood of making mistakes.
▪Answers are all-numeric and have a fix ed  length. ▪
If you are de fining  a new question  for which a sound file does not exist by default, the question’ s
Description  field  must be f ormatted  as: DEFAULT_PREDEFQSET_<QID> . This f ormatting  is mandatory
in order to associate a new question  to it’s r espectiv e  sound file.
The QID de fined  in the description  field  is used to uniquely address the sound files on the IVR, and should
be unique to every custom question  you wish to de fine.
See Adding custom authentic ation  questions  (on page 1768) for more in f ormation  on de fining  custom
Phone Password Manager authentic ation  questions.
Record question  vocals for new questions.
When users call into the Phone Password Manager, the system plays vocals (sound files)  that prompt the
users to prove their identities  by keying in numerical answers to the questions  that they have c on figur ed
in Bravura Pass .
Phone Password Manager is shipped with vocals for each numeric question  in the default pr e-de fined
question  set (DEFAULT_QSET). If you have added additional  questions  for touch-tone authentic ation  you
must record a vocal for each new question,  in each supported language.
Vocal files must be named QD-PREDEFINED_<QID>.wav, and must be located in the <instance>\audio
\<lang>-<locale> directory on the Phone Password Manager server. Note that the value of:
▪<QID> must match the number de fined  in the description  field  for the question  as it was de fined  in ▪
Bravura Pass . The description  field  should always be f ormatted  as: DEFAULT_PREDEFQSET_<QID>.
▪<lang>-<locale> corresponds to language that the vocal was recorded for.▪See Managing audio files (on page 1768) for more in f ormation  on Phone Password Manager audio files.
Voice Print Enrollment
A voice print is a form of biometric authentic ation  where the char act eristic  being measured is the timbr e,
tone, speed and volume of the user’s voice. Typically, the user speaks a phrase during enrollment, then
later repeats that phrase as part of the authentic ation  process.
Setting  up voice print enrollment
To set up voice print enrollment:
1.Install VoiceVantage VoiceCheck SDK on the Phone Password Manager server.1.
2.Copy psynch.voiceprint.psl  from the samples* directory to the script directory. 2.
3.Modify C:\Program Files (x86)\Bravura Security\\Telephone Password Manager\<instance>\service3.
\idtel.cfg by changing ScriptName as follows:
ScriptName = "psynch.voiceprint.psl"
4.Restart the Phone Password Manager service.4.
5.Enable and c on figur e  the Generate voice print enrollment PIN (PSI) module on Bravura Pass  server. 5.
Con figur e  the following settings:
▪PSI ENABLED : On ▪
▪PSI RANDOM DIGITS : 4 ▪
▪PSI RANDOM EXPIRY : 600 ▪
6.Restart the Password Manager Service on Bravura Pass  server. 6.
Phone Password Manager is now c on figur ed  and ready for users to enroll via a PIN.
Con figuring  voice print options
The tone of your voice varies each time  you authentic a t e  against your voice print. If your voice sounds
too diff er en t  from your voice print, Bravura Pass  might not be able to properly authentic a t e  you.
The following options,  located in idtel.cfg  or tpm.cfg , help you c on figur e  the sensitivity
thresholds, and the recording time  for voice print authentic ation.
Option Description
DefaultVoicePrintConsistencyThreshold This is used during voice print enrollment to ensure that
the multiple  voice samples are consistent enough. Set a
value between 1 and 99 to control the consistency
threshold. The higher the number, the more closely-
matched the samples must be. Default value is 50.
De f aultV oicePrin tV erific ationThr eshold This is used during voice print v erific ation  to ensure that
the spoken voice matches the recorded voice. Set a value
between 1 and 99 to control the v erific ation  threshold.Option Description
The higher the number, the more closely-matched the
samples must be. Default value is 55.
VoicePrintMaxRecordTime The maximum recording time  for a single recording. If the
recording is longer than this time,  the voice will be cut off
after  the maximum time  reached. Default value is 6
seconds.
VoicePrintSilenceToEnd The seconds that the voice print system will wait until  it
stops recording; for example, if set to 2, the system will
wait for 2 seconds after  the voice stopped to finish
recording. Default value is 2 seconds.
ReplayVoicePrintBadSample If set to 1, the voice print system will replay a bad
sample, where the signal can be "too loud", "too quiet",
"too short" or anything where VoiceVantage is "Unable to
extract recording sample". If set to 0, nothing will be
played back. Default value is 1.
If you change the values of these options  in idtel.cfg , then you must restart the Phone Password
Manager service.
T esting  voice print enrollment
To test voice print enrollment:
1.Log into the Generate voice print enrollment PIN  (PSI) module as a regular user. 1.
2.Click Generate voice print enrollment PIN . 2.
3.Place a phone call to the IVR server.3.
4.Select 1 to enroll. 4.
You are prompted for a PIN to authentic a t e.
5.Type in the user’s PIN.5.
You are now ready to do voice print enrollment.
T esting  voice print enrollment (command line)
Use the vpcmd  program, installed with Phone Password Manager, to test the g ener ation  or v erific ation
of voice print audio files.
View vpcmd  usage in f ormation
Use the vpcmd  program, installed with Phone Password Manager, to test the g ener ation  or v erific ation
of voice print audio files.
Usage
vpcmd.exe -c (generate|verify) -f <file> -u <userID> -vi <n> (-ei <n>|-
en <n>) [ -p "<payload>"][ -s 1|0]Option  / Argument Description
-c <generate—verify> The voiceprint command to perform. Valid commands:
generate, verify (required)
-ei <1—2—3> The enrollment index to generate (users attemp t  to
record speech 3 times).
-en <1—2—3> The enrollments to verify.
-f <file> The speech audio file (required)
-l Prevent voiceprints being running concurrently.
-p <CELL—LAND> The payload to attach  to the generated voiceprint.
-s <1—0> Whether to save the speech voice: 1 to save, 0 to ignore.
-u <userID> The user ID (required)
-vi <n> The v erific ation  phrase index (required)
Examples
1.To generate voice print audio file "a.wav" with user "user1" using cellphone as the recording type: 1.
vpcmd.exe -c generate -f a.wav -u user1 -vi 2 -ei 1 -p "CELL"
2.To verify the user voice print with "a.wav" on "user2" using "land-line".2.
vpcmd.exe -c verify -f a.wav -u user2 -vi 2 -en 2 -p "LAND"
.
Removing voice print enrollment data
The vputil  program is installed with Phone Password Manager and helps to clean the voice print
database by removing enrollment data for users who do not have a valid Bravura Pass  pr ofile.
View vputil usage in f ormation
The vputil  program is installed with Phone Password Manager and helps to clean the voice print
database by removing enrollment data for users who do not have a valid Bravura Pass  pr ofile.
Usage
vputil.exe [query|list|clean][<options>]
Option  / Argument Description
query Reports specified  user’s v erific ation  threshold and
enrollment consistency threshold. It also shows all
enrollments, v erific ation  phrases and r enditions.
list Lists users who have completed voice print enrollment,
but do not have a valid Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile.
Optionally ,  this can be used in c onjunction  with the -a
option  to list all enrolled users, instead of only listed
those without valid pr ofiles.Option  / Argument Description
clean Removes enrollment data for users who have completed
voice print enrollment, but do not have a valid Bravura
Security Fabric  pr ofile.  For example, this option  removes
data for users who have previously enrolled, but their
pr ofiles  have since been deleted.
-a Lists all enrolled users instead of only listing  those
without valid pr ofiles.  Used in c onjunction  with the list
option.
-n Searches for and aut omatic ally  removes enrollment data
for users who do not have a matching Bravura Security
Fabric  pr ofile.
-t <target system ID> Specifies  which target system to search. If a target system
is not specified,  then the default target system is chosen.
-u <list file> Specifies  the name of the list file that specifies  which
users to clean. Used with the clean option.
-w Specifies  the voice print interface dll. By default, vputil.dll
is used.
Examples
1.To list all users who have completed voice print enrollment:1.
vputil.exe list -a
2.To list users from Activ e  Directory target "AD" who have completed voice print enrollment: 2.
vputil.exe list -t AD
3.To remove enrollment data for users who have completed voice print enrollment but do not have a3.
valid Bravura Security Fabric  pr ofile:
vputil.exe clean -n
.
Speech R ec ognition  and Text-to-Speech
Phone Password Manager supports both speech-to-text (speech r ec ognition)  as well as text-to-speech
(TTS). Speech r ec ognition  converts spoken words to text, and TTS can playback text in f ormation  as
spoken words.
To support these functions,  Phone Password Manager requires a speech engine to be installed on the
system. Phone Password Manager uses Micr osoft  Speech API as the programming interface, and supports
SAPI versions 5.1+. However, all SAPI-compliant speech engines can be utiliz ed  by Phone Password
Manager.
Speech r ec ognition  is provided by the Speech Service, which is installed during a complete ins t allation  or
if selected during a custom ins t allation.