Click Next .
.
▪If you chose to use a pr ec on figur ed  database user, setup displays Micr osoft  SQL Server ▪
c onnection  settings
If you chose to use a pr ec on figur ed  database user at the beginning of the ins t allation  process,
choose an authentic ation  mode that the SQL Server ID should use. You can choose either SQL
Server authentic ation  or Windows authentic ation.  If you choose Windows authentic ation,  ensure
that the login exists on the SQL Server database server for the account ID that the Bravura Security
Fabric  services will run as.
Click Next .
Enter c onnection  in f ormation  as follows:
Database server name: Type the name of the server hosting  the database:
<dbserver>  
If the database is installed on your Bravura Security Fabric  server, use . (period), localhost , or
the server name.
If you installed SQL Server  with the non-default instance name, you must include a backslash
followed by the instance name:
<dbserver> \<instance>  
For the express edition,  the instance is normally SQLEXPRESS .
If SQL Server  is using a custom port, the syntax is:
<dbserver> ,<port> [\<instance> ] 
Database name: Type the name of the database hosting  the schema.
Database server user ID: If using SQL Server authentic ation,  type the ID of the dedicated user that
you created for Bravura Security Fabric . This field  is not visible for Windows authentic ation.
You must use a diff er en t  dedicated user for each Bravura Security Fabric  instance.
Database server user password: If applicable, type the password for the above user.
If a change has been made to the database server cr edentials,  use the iddbadm program to
update the database in f ormation.
See usage in f ormation  for iddbadm
Use the iddbadm program to modify and c on figur e  the cr edentials  used by iddb to connect to
the database backend.
Usage
Run iddbadm with the following arguments:
  iddbadm.exe -instance <bravura_instance> -dbtype MSSQL
   [-database <database>] [-dbserver <dbserver>]
   -dbuser <bravura_dbuser>  -password <password>   [-iddbport <iddbport>] 
   [-integrated]
Argument Description
-database <database> The MSSQL database name
-dbserver <dbserver> The MSSQL database server or instance c onnection  string
-iddbport <iddbport> The database service TCP port
-dbtype <dbtype> The database type (MSSQL)
-dbuser <dbuser> The ID of the user that connects to the database
-instance <instance> The Bravura Security Fabric  instance name
-password <password> The database server user password
-integrated Use Windows Integrated Authentic ation  instead of a
password
-sho w c on fig  <sho w c on fig> Show current DBMS backend c on figur ation
Example
1.To change the dbms cr edentials  for a MSSQL server: 1.
iddbadm -dbtype MSSQL -dbuser mssqluser -instance idminstance -
password 
dbuserpassword -database dbname -dbserver dbserver.com 
2.To change the authentic ation  mode for a MSSQL server from SQL Server authentic ation  to 2.
windows authentic ation:
iddbadm -integrated
.
Advanced c onfigur ation
If you want to modify how Bravura Security Fabric  installs the database schema, click Advanced on
the Database Server c on figur ation  page  and c on figur e  the following:
Install schema: Clear this checkbox if you do not want Bravura Security Fabric  to install the schema
because it has already been installed by your database administrator, or you are using a shared
schema  (on page 229).
Populate default data: Clear this checkbox if you do not want Bravura Security Fabric  to populate
default data; for example where you want to install to a shared schema.
Schema install user ID: (Optional)  If using SQL Server authentic ation,  type the ID of the user to
install the schema as. This field  is not visible for Windows authentic ation.
This user must be able to create schema objects. If not specified,  Bravura Security Fabric  uses the
Database server user ID.
Schema install password: If applicable, type the password for the above user.
The password is only required if Install schema  is selected and Schema install user ID  is specified..
▪If you want to install the Analytics  app now, c on figur e  options  to connect with SQL Server R eporting ▪
Services (SSRS)
If you are installing SQL Server R eporting  Service (SSRS) to use the Analytics  ensure the server is not
a Domain Controller.
You must have access to SQL Server R eporting  Services to use this component. See in f ormation  required
If you are installing the Analytics  app, gather the following in f ormation:
▪The server name where SQL Server R eporting  Services (SSRS) resides ▪
▪Report Server Web Service URL▪
▪Name and password of service account▪
▪If you are using an e xisting  report server database you will need that database name ▪
▪If you are using an e xisting  report server user you will need that username and password ▪
.
To c on figur e  the Analytics  app c onnection  to SSRS:
1.Enter the Report Servers web service URL.1.
2.Enter the SSRS service username and password.2.
3.Click Next . 3.
The SQL Server R eporting  Service Con figur ation  - Database User  page is displayed.
4.Enter the name of server where your instance database resides.4.
5.Choose your report database user option. 5.
a.If you want setup to create and c on figur e  a new dedicated database user that can query a.
the instance database, enable the Create a dedicated database user? option.
Enter the database administrator name and password so the installer can create the new
dedicated database user.
b.If you already have a dedicated database user created and c on figur ed,  enter those details. b.
Click Next .
Click Skip if you do not want to install the Analytics  app now. You can set it up after  installing
Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e,  as documented in REPORTS  (on page 2891).
23. Type the login ID and password for the Bravura Security Fabric  applic ation  administrator. The default 23.
login ID is superuser. The password can be up to 64 characters long.Be sure to remember this login ID and password. You will need them to log into Bravura Security
Fabric.
Click Next .
24. Type and c on firm  a password for the REST API endpoints. 24.
Click Next .
25. Click Install  to start the ins t allation. 25.
The installer begins copying files to your computer. The Completed Bravura Security Fabric  <instance>
Setup Wizard page appears after  the Bravura Security Fabric  features have been successfully installed.
26. Click Finish  to exit. 26.
The pos t -ins t allation  tasks begin.Do not stop the pos t -ins t allation  tasks. The installer is attempting  to load connectors from the
Connector Pack, language tags, and reports.
If you install the Bravura Security Fabric  before a Connector Pack  has been installed, a warning
appears at this stage that no connectors could be found. It is safe to proceed.
If any of the pos t -ins t allation  tasks produce warnings or errors, click:
▪Report for details on all pos t -ins t allation  tasks ▪
or
▪Messages.. . for details on a specific  pos t -ins t allation  task ▪
Otherwise, wait until  the status changes to success, then click Finish .
If connectors (agents) were not installed successfully, see "T r oubleshooting"  in the Connector Pack
Documen t ation .
If the server is going to be used for replic ation,  it is important that the server is c onfigured  for
replic ation  before any modific ation  or c onfiguration  of the Bravura Security Fabric software  occurs.
R eplic ation  c onfiguration  must be completed firs t.  Refer to the R eplic ation  and Recovery Guide . This
only applies to servers being used for replic ation.
See also: 
▪File Loc ations ▪
When you install any Bravura Security product, the default path for program files is <Program
files path>\Bravura Security\  as of 12.5.0.
Prior to 12.5.0, the path is <Program files path>\Hitachi ID\ .
The directory name is not changed when upgrading.
Bravura Security Fabric directories and files
Connector pack directories and files
for in f ormation  about file loc ations.
▪See Installing Bravura Security Fabric  from the command line  (on page 231) for additional  in f ormation ▪
about setup and idm.msi .
Using setup to manage ins t allations
You can use the setup  program to:
▪Repair an instance▪
▪Upgrade an instance▪
▪Uninstall an instance▪
▪Install a new instance▪
You can only upgrade the software  if your Bravura Security Fabric release supports those actions.The setup program requires Windows Installer version 3.0.1 or later. This program should be run by a
member of the Windows Administrators group.
When you run setup , it gathers initial  c on figur ation  in f ormation  then launches the Bravura Security
Fabric  installer package file (idm.msi by default).  
See also: 
See Installing Bravura Security Fabric  from the command line  (on page 231) for usage in f ormation.
Repairing an installed instance
Repairing an instance replaces any missing or outdated files in the instance with files from the Bravura
Security Fabric  dis tribution  folder. It does not a ff ect  or overwrite any database entries.
If some files are accidentally deleted from the instance, or if they become corrupt, then repairing the
instance is the simplest way to replace the missing files.
Additionally ,  if any files have an older version number than the dis tribution  folder from which you are
running setup , those files are replaced.
To repair a Bravura Security Fabric  instance:
1.Log in to the host Windows server as member of the Administrators group.1.
2.If required, download and unzip the Bravura Security Fabric  dis tribution  folder. 2.
Contact your Bravura Security account r epr esen t ativ e  for details.
3.Launch the setup program located at the root of the dis tribution  folder. 3.
The setup program displays the Select an instance to c on figur e  page.
4.Click Repair for the appropriate instance. 4.
A dialog window appears to enable backup.
5.Click Yes to c on firm  that you want to repair the selected instance. 5.
When repairs are complete, the installer exits.
Uninstalling the softw ar e
WARNING!: Bravura Security strongly recommends that you back up your ins t allation
and registry before uninstalling the softw ar e.
Remember to note and backup the administrator passwords for all managed resources before
uninstalling Bravura Privilege . Remember that Bravura Privilege  randomizes these passwords.
To uninstall Bravura Security Fabric :
1.Click Start > Control Panel > Programs and Features . 1.
2.Select Hitachi ID Management Suite <instance >, then click Remove . 2.
3.When prompted to remove Bravura Security Fabric  from your computer, click Yes. 3.
The uninstaller gathers the required in f ormation.
4.When prompted whether you want to remove the .\psadmin account from your computer, click: 4.▪No if there are other instances of any Bravura Security Fabric  sub-system on the server. ▪
▪Yes if you are sure you want to remove the account. ▪
The uninstaller finishes  removing the Bravura Security Fabric  softw ar e,  then closes aut omatic ally .
5.Close Programs and Features 5.
Note the following:
▪The database schema objects are not removed when you uninstall Bravura Security Fabric . You must ▪
remove them manually before you can reinstall Bravura Security Fabric  using the same schema.
▪Files added after  ins t allation  are not removed. This includes: ▪
▪List files in the p sc on fig  directory, ▪
▪Log files and mail messages in the log  directory ▪
▪The DLL files in the Common Files\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\ ▪
directory are removed if the last instance of Bravura Security Fabric  is uninstalled.
▪The Common Files\Bravura Security\Bravura Security Fabric\  entry is removed from ▪
the path system variable if the last instance of Bravura Security Fabric  is removed. This path allows
Bravura Security Fabric  to use the DLL files.
▪The .\psadmin account is not removed during silent unins t allation. ▪
If the Analytics  app was installed, the following is also true:
▪If custom reports are in the \<instance>\analytics\ folder the analytics  folder structure and ▪
the custom reports will remain.
▪If custom reports are in the \<report_id>  folder on the SSRS server, the report folder and the ▪
custom reports will remain.
▪If custom reports are in the \<instance>\analytics  and the \<reports_id>  folder on the ▪
SSRS server, only custom reports in the <instance>\analytics  folder are kept.
T r oubleshooting
Security policy pr e-ins t allation  check fails
The pr e-ins t allation  check reports that the "Security Policy check” fails if the Windows option  Default
owner for objects created by members of the Administrators group is not set to Administrators groups .
This setting  is located in Adminis tr ativ e  Tools > Local Security Policy > Security Settings  > Local policies
> Security options .
To work around this issue:
1.Create a user called psadmin  as part of the Administrators group, with the Password never expires 1.
setting.
2.Log in to the Windows server and install Bravura Security Fabric  as the psadmin user. 2.Database c onnectivity  pr e-ins t allation  check fails
The pr e-ins t allation  check reports that “Database c onnectivity ”  fails if it cannot detect the appropriate
Micr osoft  SQL Server client softw ar e.  To correct this issue, see Installing Database and Database Client
Softw ar e  (on page 172) to learn how to set up your back end database and client softw ar e.
If the pr e-ins t allation  check still fails, check your path environment variable. For example, if you have
installed the Micr osoft  SQL Server Express E dition  client the path should contain:
C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\90\Tools\binn\
Setup detects orphaned instances
If the setup program detects that there are registry entries for improperly installed or uninstalled
instances on the current server, it displays a message something like:
The following instance-related registry key(s) under [HKLM\SOFTWARE\Bravura Security\Bravura
Security Fabric\ have been orphaned,
and may not be needed any longer:
<instance>
Perform a clean-up?
Click Yes if you want to remove the registry entries for the orphaned instance.  
Connector Pack check fails 
Bravura Security Fabric  needs a valid Connector Pack  before it can manage any systems. If the setup
program does not detect an installed Connector Pack , then a warning 
  appears next to the Connector
Pack  check during the pr e-ins t allation  check.
Click Messages... to view the details of the warning, which includes the minimum Connector Pack  version
required for the product you are installing.
After  you finish  installing all instances of Bravura Security Fabric , you should install the Connector Pack .
See the Connector Pack Documen t ation  for details on global and ins t ance-specific  Connector Pack s.4 Installing with a shared schema
Con figuring  a shared schema environment for Bravura Security Fabric  off er s  several advantages:
▪ Better  utiliz ation  of a single backend, as long as the backend is running on a dedicated database ▪
server.
▪Cheaper solution  for load balancing, because the Bravura Security Fabric  servers don’t need to be as ▪
robust.
▪Shared schema servers can be added without the need to synchronize databases fir s t. ▪
Bravura Security  strongly recommends that you create at least two or three replicated Bravura Security
Fabric  servers for fault tolerance and backup. When Bravura Privilege  is installed, the recommended
minimum is three. See Calculating  the number of servers required to learn how to calculate the number
of servers required.
To c on figur e  a shared schema environment, ensure that:
▪All server clocks are synchronized.▪
▪All servers have the proper database client softw ar e  installed and c on figur ed  to connect to the same ▪
backend.
▪All servers have the same Bravura Security Fabric  instance name. ▪
▪All servers have the same c ommunic ation  key (or Master Key) , database encr yption  key, w ork s t ation ▪
authentic ation  encr yption  key, Connector encr yption  key, and IDMLib encr yption  key.
It is recommended that all servers have Bravura Security Fabric  installed in the same directory on each
local server.
There are two methods of c on figuring  a shared schema:
1.Complete a regular install of Bravura Security Fabric  using a new database. After  the ins t allation, 1.
redirect the Database Service using the iddbadmin utility  to use an e xisting  database schema.
Contact support@bravurasecurity.com  for assistance.
2.During Fabric ins t allation : 2.
a.Select ”Use a pr ec on figur ed  dedicated database user to install the new instance” when prompted. a.
b.At the Database Server c on figur ation  page enter the login cr edentials  for the login account you b.
used for the backend c onnection  on the fir s t server.
c.Click Advanced to load the Advanced Database Con figur ation  Options  page. c.
d.Deselect the Install schema checkbox. This causes the installer to check if the specified  database d.
schema already has the required tables installed. If the tables do not exist, a warning message is
displayed.
e.Deselect the Populate default data checkbox. e.
f.Click OK to close the Advanced Database Con figur ation  Options  page. f.
g.Click Next to c ontinue  with ins t allation.  Once ins t allation  is complete, the new instance starts g.
sharing a schema with the instance you specified  c onnection  details for. See also: 
▪For details on the Database Server c on figur ation  page, see Micr osoft  SQL Server. ▪
▪Shared-schema servers can be used in a r eplic ation  environment. See the R eplic ation  and Recovery ▪
Guide  for more in f ormation.