12. Click Update . 12.
Test the user class participan t  mapping
To test if a change request will have enough authorizers:
1.Click Test…  in the user class table. 1.
2.In the List matching users:  table, select AUTHORIZER  in the List: drop down. 2.
3.In the REQUESTER  field,  also under List matching users: , type DARAK. 3.
4.Click List. 4.Bravura Security Fabric  will list DARAK’s manager, BERNAP , and all the managers in the chain of command
above BERNAP as well.
On the Target system inf ormation  page, you can enable the setting  to Default authoriz ation  for child
resources, including managed groups and template accounts, will be inherited from the target system .
This would mean the authorizers you mapped above, to review requests to change e xisting  accounts,
would be mapped to all groups on the target system.
You have now set up dynamic authoriz ation  for change requests related to e xisting  accounts.
Submit a request to change attribut es
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as DARAK . 1.
2.Click View and update pr ofile  in the MY PROFILE section. 2.
3.Select Update attribut es  near the bottom  of the page. 3.
The request wizard opens.
4.Fill in the following in f ormation: 4.
▪Other names  Barb ▪
5.Click Submit . 5.
6.Review the request details and authorizers and you should see that the request is pending approval6.
from BERNAP  and the managers in the chain of command above him.Approve the attribut e  request
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as BERNAP . 1.
2.Click There are 1 request(s) a w aiting  your approval . 2.
The Requests  app opens.
3.Select the Update attribut es  request from the Results panel. 3.
The details of the request will appear in the Actions  panel .
4.Click Approve . 4.
5.Click the Approve  button  to c on firm. 5.
Final approval
Even though the authoriz ation  requirements for the target system are met, BRYANW’s approval is still
required because we set the Input is required before request can be approved  option  when we
c on figur ed  s t atic  authoriz ation  (on page 1341).
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as BRYANW . 1.
2.Click There are 1 request(s) a w aiting  your approval . 2.
The Requests  app opens.
3.Select the Update attribut es  request from the Results panel. 3.
The details of the request will appear in the Actions  panel .
4.Click Approve . 4.
5.Click the Approve  button  to c on firm. 5.
The status of the request should change to "Approved, performing requested oper ations".
6.Navigate back to DARAK’s home page.6.
7.Click View and update pr ofile  in the My pr ofile  section. 7.
The Other names  field  will now be populated with our change.If you can see that the change to Barb  has been made successfully to the Other names  field  for Dara,
you have completed the lab properly.
Con figuring  phased authoriz ation
You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to subject requests to multiple  phases of authoriz ation.  The WF
PHASED AUTH option  enables the phased authoriz ation  functionality  (Manage the system > W orkflo w  >
Options  > General ).
Once WF PHASED AUTH is enabled, the Authoriz ation  phase setting  appears when assigning s t atic
authorizers and when assigning authorizers by user class.
The phased authoriz ation  c on figur ation  is separate from the non-phased authoriz ation  c on figur ation.
When phased authoriz ation  is enabled, the authoriz ation  requirements set up previously are no longer
accessible. However, this c on figur ation  persists, and will apply again if phased authoriz ation  is disabled.
Similarly, if phased authoriz ation  is disabled after  c on figur ation  is done, that c on figur ation  is kept and will
be used immediately if phased authoriz ation  is again enabled.
The Minimum number of authorizers and Number of denials before a change request is terminated
settings  apply to each individual authoriz ation  phase.
When enabled, navigate to the Authoriz ation  page for a resource or policy, then:
▪Click Add new… if you want to add a phase. ▪▪To change the order of phases, change the numbers in the Authoriz ation  phase column and click ▪
Update .
▪Select a phase to de fine  authorizers and settings. ▪
Determining when to add group owners
If supported by the target system, you can specify the phase in which group owners should be added as
authorizers. If phased authoriz ation  is enabled, navigate to the target system’s in f ormation  page  (on page
480) and update The phase to which group owner should be added when being aut omatic ally  added as
authorizer .
Lab: Con figuring  phased authoriz ation
You can c on figur e  Bravura Security Fabric  to subject requests to multiple  phases of authoriz ation.  This
means that even if a request is approved in phase one, it must be reviewed by another set of authorizers,
perhaps from another department or level of management. There is no limit to the number of phases.
The WF PHASED AUTH option  enables the phased authoriz ation  functionality  (Manage the system
> W orkflo w  > Options  > General) .
The Minimum number of authorizers and Number of denials before a change request is terminated
settings  apply to each individual authoriz ation  phase. If an authorizer is c on figur ed  to be in more than
one phase, then he must review the request in each phase. You can enable IDWFM AUTH PHASE
PROPAGATION ( W orkflo w  > Options  > General ) to allow the authorizer’s response in the fir s t phase in
which he appears to be propagated to later phases.
In this example, you will enable phased authoriz ation,  then require new account requests to be approved
by a member of a user class, followed by the requester’s direct manager.
Requirements
This use case assumes that:
▪Bravura Security Fabric  and Connector Pack are installed. ▪
▪An Activ e  Directory target system is added as a source of pr ofiles. ▪
Enable phased authoriz ation
1.Log in to the Front-end (PSF) as superuser . 1.
2.Click Manage the system > W orkflo w  > Options  > General . 2.
3.Enable WF PHASED AUTH.3.4.Click Update . 4.
Assign authorizers to resources
To set up phased authoriz ation  for new accounts:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Template accounts . 1.
2.Select AD_TEMPLATE . 2.
3.Click the Authoriz ation  tab. 3.Note that the authoriz ation  page for resources now lists c on figur ed  authoriz ation  phases. So far, only
one phase has been c on figur ed.
4.Select the authoriz ation  phase 1. 4.
5.Set the Minimum number of authorizers  to 1. 5.
6.Set the Number of denials before a change request is terminated  to 1. 6.
7.Click Update . 7.
8.In the user class table, click Select… . 8.
9.Click the edit icon 
  next to _IT_SECURITY_ . 9.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays the User class definition  page in a pop-up window.
10. Check which users are part of this user class by clicking on the Test tab and clicking List. 10.11. Close the user class c on figur ation  window. 11.
12. Select the checkbox next to the _IT_SECURITY_  user class and click Select . 12.
Bravura Security Fabric  displays an error because you have not mapped the participan ts  in the user
class yet.
13. Under P articipan t  mapping  for USERID, select AUTHORIZER . 13.
14. Click Update . 14.