Part IV GETTING STARTED1 Logging into Bravura Security Fabric
This chapter shows you how to log into the Bravura Security Fabric  web interface using the front-end
login page. This chapter also describes the format of the Bravura Security Fabric  URL and how you can
choose a language at login.  
See also: 
For more in f ormation  about how users log into Bravura Security Fabric  using the Front-end , or to learn
how to c on figur e  authentic ation  in general see Login and authentic ation  (on page 820).
Front-end login
The steps that you take to authentic a t e  and then carry out tasks can vary according to how your
or g aniz ation  customizes the interface between Bravura Security Fabric , the corporate intranet, and other
applic ations.
In general, the front-end login process works as follows:
1.Click the appropriate link on your corporate intranet, or type the URL (on page 353) for the front-end 1.
login page in your browser.
On your Bravura Security Fabric  server, you can also access the login page through the Start  menu by
searching for Self Service Login .
2.At the login page, type your:2.
▪Login ID on a system on which you have an account (for example, your Windows user name)▪or
▪ Pr ofile  ID (this is your unique ID in Bravura Security Fabric ) ▪
If you have not yet set up any additional  product administrator s, this is the pr ofile  ID for the
applic ation  administrator (superuser) that you created during ins t allation.
Depending on the c on figur ation,  you might be able to select a system from a drop-down list.
3.Click Continue . 3.
4. Authentic a t e  to Bravura Security Fabric . 4.
Depending on c on figur ation  and your access privileges, Bravura Security Fabric  may display a list of
authentic ation  methods to choose from, or direct you to a particular  method.
5.Select a task from the main menu.5.
The Bravura Security Fabric URL
You can access the login page for the Front-end  by including the full path to the virtual directory in the
URL:
http[s]:// <host name >/<virtual directory >
where:
▪ http[s]:  If your web server is c on figur ed  to use a secure c onnection  type https . If not, type http . ▪
Note: For security purposes, HTTPS should be used at all times.  This is especially
recommended for pr oduction  environments.
▪<host name>: This is your domain name, or Bravura Security Fabric  server name or IP address ▪
▪<virtual directory>: If Bravura Security Fabric  was installed using the default instance name, this is ▪
default ; otherwise, this is the non-default instance name.
You can supply additional  arguments, such as language preference, by including a question  mark (?) in
the Bravura Security Fabric  URL. Separate multiple  arguments using an ampersand ( &). For example:
https://idm-server/default/?LANG=fr-ca&USERID=bobsmith
Note: For security reasons, arguments other than language and skin will be only
be acknowledged when included in URLs for the root virtual directory or
in URLs that redirect the user to the root virtual directory. In all other
URLs, all arguments except language and skin will be ignored.
If the index page for your Bravura Security Fabric  instance is set up (during ins t allation)  as your web
server’s default web page, you can access the Front-end  login page simply by typing the web server’s URL
in a browser. For example:
https://idm-server.example.com
R edir ecting  to a specific  module or page
If a URL includes the path for a particular  page, the user is redirected to that page after  successful
authentic ation  via the Front-end . Users who have not logged in, or whose user pr ofiles  are locked or
invalid, are not able to access any page they would not be able to navigate to manually.For example, to have an end user directed to the w orkflo w  dashboard, change the URL to:
https://idm-server/<VIRTUALDIR>/view-dashboards/workflow
Alt ernativ ely ,  you can pass the Front-end  an optional  argument, JUMPTOCGI=<module> , so that the
user is redirected to a particular  module after  successful authentic ation.
For example, to have an end-user directed to the Change passwords  (PSS) module, change the URL to
either:
https://idm-server/<VIRTUALDIR>/change-passwords
or
https://idm-server/<VIRTUALDIR>/?JUMPTOCGI=PSS
If a user accesses a module in this way, and their session fails for any reason, they are returned to the
Front-end .
Note: You can no longer redirect users to a particular  module by specifying the
module name directly, for example:
https://idm-server/default/pss.exe
Instead, use the URL of the module or pass the Front-end (PSF) the
argument JUMPTOCGI=<module> .
Desktop and mobile view
Most browsers will default to the correct view for Bravura Security Fabric  aut omatic ally .  However, a link is
available on the login page to switch views if necessary.
Click Switch to mobile view to view Bravura Security Fabric  on a mobile device. The mobile view displays
a mobile-friendly version of Bravura Security Fabric , optimiz ed  specific ally  for browsers on mobile
devices.Click Switch to desktop view to view Bravura Security Fabric  on a desktop machine. The desktop view
has been designed for accessing Bravura Security Fabric  on a desktop or laptop computer.
The selected view will be remembered for that browser, until  the browser cache is cleared.
Choosing a language
Bravura Security Fabric  can determine your language preference by reading a value in the URL; for
example, en-us  for American English.
If no language is specified  in the URL, Bravura Security Fabric  checks the browser for your language
preferences. If no exact match is found among the installed languages, Bravura Security Fabric  uses the
closest related language. For example, if Portuguese/Portugal (pt-pt) and French/France (fr-fr) language
packs are installed for Bravura Security Fabric  and your browser preferences are set to French/Canada (fr-
ca), Bravura Security Fabric  displays text in French/France (fr-fr). If a related language cannot be found,
Bravura Security Fabric  defaults to English/United States (en-us).  
Using the language selector If multiple  languages have been installed, a language selector is available in the top right hand corner of
the login page. Click the language selector drop-down menu to display the available languages, then
select the language you want to use.
To access the language selector after  you have logged in, click the 
  icon fir s t,  then scroll down to the
language selector. The available languages are displayed. You can then select the language you want to
use.
 See also: 
To learn how to c on figur e  language display and install new languages, see CUSTOMIZATION  (on page
3471).2 Na vig ating  and updating  in f ormation  in the web interface
This chapter shows you how to navigate web pages and update in f ormation  in Bravura Security Fabric .
The user interface is designed to work at a screen size of 1024x768 or larger, although it may be resized
smaller than that if necessary. All menus fit correctly down to a width of 900px.
Using the na vig ation  bar
Bravura Security Fabric  web page icons 
Bravura Security Fabric  web pages include the following na vig ation  icons in the top left menu:
Display a side menu of module options.
Return to the Front-end main menu.
Bravura Security Fabric  web pages include the following action  icons in the top right menu:
Update in f ormation  that could have changed since you fir s t visited  Bravura Security
Fabric  web page.
For example, click Refresh on the Request status page to see if an authorizer has
responded to a request.
Options  to pin items to customize your menu.
User pr ofile  status and logout.
Na vig ating  with breadcrumbs
Most Bravura Security Fabric  web pages include breadcrumbs on the left of the screen under the
na vig ation  bar. Breadcrumbs are a list of pages that show the path from the home page to the current
page. This path represents the hierarchical or g aniz ation  of the web pages rather than the path the user
took to arrive at the current page.
Click on a link in the breadcrumbs to be taken to that page.
Selecting  from a menu table
When presented with a menu table, you can navigate to the page for a particular  object or action  by
clicking anywhere in the row, except for a hyperlinked item . This action  requires that JavaScript is enabled
for the web browser. If JavaScript is not enabled, you can click the 
  button.
Similarly, if your cursor is in a text field  in a row with a 
  button,  you can press [Enter] to select the
item.Embedded links: Viewing in f ormation  about an object
Most lists or tables of object have an Embedded links option  that turns the text of objects into
hyperlinks, indicated by underlined text when hovering.
When clicked, a pop up window opens. If the user has appropriate permission, the window displays extra
in f ormation  about that item.Column display
Most tables have a Show/hide columns option  that allows you to choose which columns to display.
When clicked, a drop down menu displays. Click on the column labels in the drop down menu to either
view or hide the columns.Types of messages
When you navigate or update in f ormation,  Bravura Security Fabric  provides feedback of various types:
This icon … Indicates this type of message …
Status in f ormation  and tip s
Cautions  and warnings
Error messages
Tasks
Adding and modifying in f ormation
When you add a new object or modify an e xisting  object or setting ,  you must submit your changes before
na vig ating  to a new page. You do this by clicking Add, Update , or a similar button  at the bottom  of each
form.
Failure to submit your changes before you click Back , select a menu item, or close your browser, will
result in your changes being lost.
When you add objects, such as target systems, templates, item types, loc ations,  you can click Add new…
on the web form to add another object.
Con firming  your actions
Bravura Security Fabric  requires you to c on firm  actions  that are irreversible or may be slow to complete.
After  clicking Delete or a button  with similar consequences, you are presented with a c on firmation  dialog
box. Click OK to c on firm  your action.