▪Depending on the chosen Type , the Description  and Address may be populated with example text. ▪
Review these settings  before accepting  them.
▪The Description  and Address can be set aut omatic ally  using a PSLang expression based on ▪
<acc attr>s  discovered during auto discovery . These discovered values are stored in SQLite .db files,
located in the <instance> \ p sc on fig  directory.
For example, the default NT_TEMPLATE has its Address set to:
"\\\\"+$comp["dNSHostName"][0]
You can also target systems using the system IP address; for example:
"\\\\"+$comp["ip"][0]  or
"\\\\"+$comp["ip"][1]
depending on whether detected systems have multiple  IP address, and which address is chosen.
▪The List of proxies to run connectors on can also be set aut omatic ally  using a PSLang expression. ▪
For example, to copy the proxy address from the source target system, use the following
expression:
$comp["sourceProxy"][0]
4. Optionally ,  c on figur e  the administrator cr edentials.  This is useful if you plan to use the same password 4.
for all subsequently discovered w ork s t ations.
Note that the ID is set by a PSLang expression, so a literal string must be enclosed in quotes; for
example "Administrator" . Discovered target systems that have the adminid <acc attr>  can
also use adminid to c on figur e  the administrator cr edentials.
See also De fining  c onnection  methods  (on page 2119) for details about how target system template
cr edentials  are used in managing discovered resources.
5. Optionally ,  c on figur e  the Discovery options  to select what you want to list from discovered systems. 5.
This step is required if the discovery template is to be used with import rules  (on page 2095).
By default, all discovery options  for a template are enabled, if the target type supports discovery
options.
The target system IDs of discovered systems are set using the computerUUID  attribut e  that is set for
them. Push mode discovered systems have this attribut e  set to the objectGUID attribut e  if the
systems are imported. Local service mode discovered systems have this attribut e  set to the system’s
virtualdnshostname  attribut e  unless specified  during ins t allation.
If a Local W ork s t ation  Service is discovered to be using an ID that has already been discovered, the
c onflict  will be detected and the new service will be shut down. If you are reinstalling a Local W ork s t ation
Service, you must specify the reinstall flag.
Updating  a discovery template
After  you have managed systems using a discovery template, you can still update the c on figur ation
settings  of the discovery template and propagate the settings  to the e xisting  systems, as well as any
systems added in the future.
To update a discovery template:1.Click Manage the System  > Resources > Target systems > Discovery templates . . 1.
2.Select the discovery template you want to update.2.
3. Con figur e  the settings  in Target system in f ormation  or Discovery options  as desired. 3.
4.Set Allow changes propagated to imported discovered system using this template to: 4.
▪Yes - To propagate the changes to all e xisting  and future systems that uses this discovery template, ▪
or,
▪No - To only propagate the changes to future systems that will use this discovery template. ▪
5.Click Update . 5.
Managing discovered objects
This section  shows you how to view and manually manage discovered objects.  
Requirements 
You require the Manage resources adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Discovered objects
menu item.
You require the Manage managed system policies adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to attach  discovered
objects to managed system policies .
If either the description  or the address for a discovered system cannot be resolved, then it cannot be
managed by a managed system policy as a member system.
You must have membership in a user group that has the following access controls for the managed
system policies to which you want to attach  discovered objects:
▪View pr operties  for this policy ▪
▪Modify pr operties  for this policy ▪
Viewing discovered objects
To view the list of all discovered objects, click Manage the system > Resources > Discovered objects ,
then select Systems , Accounts , or Subscribers .
Bravura Privilege  also displays system and account attribut es,  as well as any subscribers that are using
the account cr edentials  to run; for example, services, tasks, iis, dcom objects, ODBC system DSNs. This
in f ormation  can be accessed by clicking on the name of the discovered system or account.
Other in f ormation  is provided when the discovered object is managed. This includes which import rules
were used to manage the discovered object, managed system policies the object is added to, managed
account check-out/check-ins, and manual password r andomiz ation  batches.
Manually managing discovered systems
To manually manage discovered systems:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Discovered objects > Systems 1.2.Enable the checkboxes for the systems that you want to manage, then click Manage... 2.
3.Select managed system policies to which you want to add the systems, then click Select . 3.
4.Set the Template target system to use to de fine  target system in f ormation. 4.
5.Set the New system c onnection  cr edentials  for the Bravura Privilege  server to use to connect to the 5.
new managed systems.
6.Click Apply , and c on firm  the settings. 6.
Target systems are created for the new managed systems, and they are added to the selected
managed system policies as member systems. For local service mode systems, the local service will
need to contact the Bravura Privilege  server a few times  to verify the administrator cr edentials.
By default, you can manually manage up to 20 systems at a time.
Manually managing discovered accounts
To manually manage discovered accounts:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Discovered objects > Accounts . 1.
2.Enable the checkboxes for the accounts that you want to manage, then click Manage... . 2.
3.Select managed system policies to which you want to add the accounts, then click Select . 3.
Accounts are only managed if they exist on the selected managed system policy member systems.
4.Click Apply , and c on firm  the setting. 4.
The accounts are added to the managed system policies ’ managed accounts.
Deleting  discovered systems
To delete a discovered system:
1.Click Manage the system > Resources > Discovered objects > Systems . 1.
2.Select the checkbox next to the system that you want to delete.2.
A target system that is aut omatic ally  discovered (manually or with an import rule) must be deleted
firs t before its discovered system can be deleted.
3.Click Delete , and c on firm  the setting. 3.
The discovered system is removed from the instance.
If you delete a push mode discovered system and the system still exists on an Activ e  Directory domain, it
will be rediscovered the next time  auto discovery is run. If you delete a local service mode discovered
system and the Local w ork s t ation  service is still installed and running on the system, it will be
rediscovered on the next poll interval.Displaying discovered object attribut es
You can display discovered object attribut es  as additional  columns on c on figur ation  screens and managed
account requests. These attribut es  can provide users with additional  in f ormation  about managed
accounts or managed systems.
To specify a list of attribut es  to display, set the MANAGED ACCOUNT ATTR DISPLAY LIST or MANAGED
SYSTEM ATTR DISPLAY LIST option  at Manage the system  > Modules  > Privileged access f or account
attribut es  and system attribut es,  r espectiv ely .Import rules
Import rules allow you to de fine  custom criteria, referred to as “ c onditions” ,  to evaluate discovered
objects and:
▪Add discovered systems as target systems using a target system import rule . ▪
▪Bind systems to managed system policies using a managed system import rule . ▪
▪Bind accounts to managed system policies using an manged account import rule . ▪
▪Delete systems and accounts.▪
▪Unbind (offboar d)  managed systems and accounts. ▪
This can happen during auto discovery , at contact between the Local W ork s t ation  Service and the Bravura
Privilege  server, or you can evaluate objects then choose to apply the results.
Import rule order
The import rules are processed by the Discovery service ( iddiscover ) in this order:
1.Target systems1.
2.Managed systems2.
3.Managed accounts3.
You de fine  the order of bind vs unbind actions  on the managed system  and managed account  import rule
c on figur ation  (on page 2097) pages. The unbind rules have to be sorted at the end of the list in order for
them to act as intended.
Once a rule matches an object (system or account), that object is not available for the following rules, so
in case multiple  rules match a single object, the fir s t rule to match applies.
Once a match is made and a target is created or an object is managed or unbound, the rules will evaluate
again against that object only if the rule is updated, or an attribut e  relevant to the rule criteria changes
its value. For more details, see R e-e v aluating  import rules  (on page 2127).
See also
Import rules are part of the infrastructure auto discovery feature. It is recommended that you read
Implementing  Infrastructure Auto Discovery  (on page 2081) before c on figuring  these settings.
Getting  started
Requirements 
You require the Manage policies adminis tr ativ e  privilege in order to access the Import rules menu item.
Na vig ation  steps for target system import rules 
Use the Resources tab in the Manage the system  (PSA) module to add, test, and delete import rules for
target systems. You can also use this page to access additional  c on figur ation  settings.To navigate to the import rules page for target systems:
1.Click Manage the System  > Resources > Target system s > Import rules  to determine which discovered 1.
systems should become managed target systems and have corresponding target systems created for
them.
2.Click Add new... to add a new target system import rule  (on page 2096). 2.
Or,
Select an e xisting  import rule to update rule settings,  associate the rule with managed system
policies , modify c onditions,  and evaluate c onditions.
You can also enable, disable, delete or test rules  (on page 2125) on this page.
Na vig ation  steps for managed system and managed account import rules 
Use the Privileged access tab in the Manage the system  (PSA) module to add, test, and delete import rules
for managed systems and accounts. You can also use this page to access additional  c on figur ation  settings.
To navigate to the import rules page for managed systems and managed accounts:
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Import rules . 1.
2.Select an import rule type:2.
▪Managed systems – to determine managed system policy membership for managed systems ▪
▪Managed accounts – to determine which accounts to manage on member systems in managed ▪
system policies
3.Click Add new... to add a new managed system or managed account import rule  (on page 2097). 3.
Or,
Select an e xisting  import rule to update rule settings,  associate the rule with managed system
policies , modify c onditions,  and evaluate c onditions
You can also enable, disable, delete or test rules  (on page 2125) on this page.
Target system import rules
Using target systems import rules
Use target system import rules to determine which discovered systems should be managed and have
corresponding target systems created for them.
One of the main reasons for using target system import rules is to de fine  how the system will be
connected. An important decision to make for target system import rules is choosing the source systems
whose computers will be subject to the import rule.
Local service mode target systems are not connected to source systems. They still require the local
service mode client to contact the server. You can also use import rules to delete target systems.
If a target system is a managed system, then deleting  it removes all managed passwords from Bravura
Privilege. Only systems which were discovered and managed using import rules can be deleted usingimport rules.
Manually defined  target systems cannot be deleted using import rules.
Adding a target system import rule
To add a target systems import rule:
1.Click Manage the System  > Resources > Target system s > Import rules . 1.
2.Click Add new... 2.
3.Type an ID and Description . 3.
4.Enable Import all discovered objects of this type if you want all evaluated objects to aut omatic ally 4.
pass the import rule. Con firm  the dialog box.
If enabled, the next step is not necessary.
5. Con figur e  the import rule Combining c onditions  setting  (on page 2105) so that discovered objects: 5.
▪Must Match all c onditions  to satis f y  the import rule, or ▪
▪Can Match any c ondition  to satis f y  the import rule. ▪
6. Con figur e  Action  to perform on matching objects  (on page 2096). Select whether to: 6.
▪Manage all discovered objects that satis f y  this rule, or ▪
▪Delete all discovered systems that satis f y  this rule. ▪
7.Set the Managed systems e v aluation  type to the type of managed system  (on page 1815) that the 7.
import rule will be applied to - push or local service mode.
8.To manage target systems, set the Template target system to de fine  target system  (on page 2090) 8.
in f ormation  for new managed systems that satis f y  this import rule.
9.For push mode, c on figur e  the Strategy for selecting  source systems to: 9.
▪Include all source systems, or▪
▪Include some source systems, or▪
▪Exclude some source systems.▪
Click 
  to select source systems  (on page 2119) to include or exclude.
10. To manage target systems, set the New system c onnection  cr edentials  for the Bravura Privilege  server 10.
to use to connect  (on page 2119) to new managed systems that satis f y  this import rule.
If the credentials  are invalid, the system will not be imported and managed by Bravura Privilege.
11. Click Add. 11.
Import rules are disabled by default, and must be enabled to be applied during auto discovery . You can
enable or disable an import rule on the Import rule s page and on each rule’s specific  page.
It is best practic e  to carry out a test or trial run  (on page 2125) before enabling this option.
Managed systems and managed accounts import rules
Use managed systems import rules to determine which systems to manage and under which policies. Use
managed accounts import rules to determine which accounts to manage and under which policies.You can also use import rules to delete managed systems and accounts.
Using managed systems import rules
Use managed systems import rules to determine policy membership; for example:
1.According to computer or g aniz ation  structure (OU, department, loc ation,  purpose, and so on) 1.
2.As a c ondition  for being put into other policies 2.
See De fining  c onditions  (on page 2105) for examples using the attachedPolicies  attribut e.
This could be a staging requirement to put newly discovered systems into a group, before moving
them to other policies.
3.Grouping systems that have issues with them, such as not being contactable in the past few days.3.
This is known as a tombstone policy .
See De fining  c onditions  (on page 2105) for examples using the compFailurePastThreshold
attribut e.
When de fining  managed systems import rule policies, consider the following:
▪What will all the managed systems in this policy have in common?▪
▪Will they all manage the same account ID?▪
▪Will they all have similar services running on them (with corresponding accounts to manage them)?▪
▪Will they have similar local privileges managed?▪
Managed systems with checked-out passwords cannot be unbound.
Systems can be unbound without losing managed password histories.
You must link managed systems rules to managed systems policies  (on page 2100).
Using managed accounts import rules
Use managed accounts import rules to determine what accounts to manage. It is recommended that you
set these rules only after  setting  up managed system policies and managed system import rules. That
way, de fining  managed account import rules is simply a matter  of setting  the account ID to look for
managed accounts.
Windows service accounts must be listed by Bravura Privilege  (on page 2088) before they can be
managed.
Managed systems must be a member of at least one managed system policy for their accounts to be
managed using import rules.
Consider:
▪Is an import rule needed?▪
If an account has identic al  pr operties  and purpose for all members of a policy, for example an
administrator or root account, then you can simply manually enter the account ID in the policy
c on figur ation.
▪Will the managed system join and leave the policy often? ▪If member system is removed from a policy, the managed account ID that is associated with it is
aut omatic ally  removed.
Managed accounts with checked-out passwords cannot be unbound.
You must link managed accounts rules to managed system policies  (on page 2100).
Adding managed systems import rules
To add a managed systems import rule:
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Import rules > Managed systems . 1.
2.Click Add new... 2.
3.Type an ID and Description . 3.
4.Enable Import all discovered objects of this type if you want all evaluated objects to aut omatic ally 4.
pass the import rule. Con firm  the dialog box.
If enabled, the next step is not necessary.
5. Con figur e  the import rule Combining c onditions  setting  (on page 2105) so that discovered objects: 5.
▪Must Match all c onditions  to satis f y  the import rule, or ▪
▪Can Match any c ondition  to satis f y  the import rule. ▪
6. Con figur e  Action  to perform on matching objects  (on page 2098). Select whether to: 6.
▪Bind all discovered managed objects that satis f y  this rule, or ▪
▪Unbind all discovered managed objects that satis f y  this rule. ▪
7.Set the Managed systems e v aluation  type to the type of managed system  (on page 1815) that the 7.
import rule will be applied to - push or local service mode.
8. Con figur e  the Unbind objects if they no longer satis f y  this rule  (on page 2101)  option  to determine 8.
whether objects that previously passed the import rule should archived when they fail the import
rule. Check the option  to have objects unbound/archived.
If this option  is not checked, no action  will be performed for failed objects. You will have to manually
resolve any related issues.
9.For push mode, c on figur e  the Strategy for selecting  source systems . 9.
Click 
  to select source systems  (on page 2119) to include or exclude.
10. Click Add. 10.
Import rules are disabled by default, and must be enabled to be applied during auto discovery . You can
enable or disable an import rule on the Import rules  page and on each rule’s specific  page.
It is best practic e  to carry out a test or trial run  (on page 2125) before enabling this option.
Adding managed accounts import rules
To add a managed accounts import rule:
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Import rules > Managed accounts . 1.2.Click Add new... 2.
3.Type an ID and Description . 3.
4.Enable Import all discovered objects of this type if you want all evaluated objects to aut omatic ally 4.
pass the import rule. Con firm  the dialog box.
If enabled, the next step is not necessary.
5. Con figur e  the import rule Combining c onditions  setting  (on page 2105) so that discovered objects: 5.
▪Must Match all c onditions  to satis f y  the import rule, or ▪
▪Can Match any c ondition  to satis f y  the import rule. ▪
6. Con figur e  Action  to perform on matching objects  (on page 2098). Select whether to: 6.
▪Bind all discovered managed objects that satis f y  this rule, or ▪
▪Unbind all discovered managed objects that satis f y  this rule. ▪
7. Con figur e  the Unbind objects if they no longer satis f y  this rule  (on page 2101)  option  to determine 7.
whether objects that previously passed the import rule should archived when they fail the import
rule. Check the option  to have objects unbound/archived.
If this option  is not checked, no action  will be performed for failed objects. You will have to manually
resolve any related issues.
8.Click Add. 8.
Import rules are disabled by default, and must be enabled to be applied during auto discovery . You can
enable or disable an import rule on the Import rules page and on each rule’s specific  page.
It is best practic e  to carry out a test or trial run  (on page 2125) before enabling this option.
Linking import rules to policies
Each managed systems and managed accounts import rule must be associated with at least one managed
system policy. To link import rules to managed system policies:
1.Navigate to the Import rules  page 1.
Use the Privileged access tab in the Manage the system  (PSA) module to add, test, and delete import
rules for managed systems and accounts. You can also use this page to access additional  c on figur ation
settings.
To navigate to the import rules page for managed systems and managed accounts:
1.Click Manage the system  > Privileged access  > Import rules . 1.
2.Select an import rule type:2.
▪Managed systems – to determine managed system policy membership for managed systems ▪
▪Managed accounts – to determine which accounts to manage on member systems in managed ▪
system policies
3.Click Add new... to add a new managed system or managed account import rule  (on page 2097). 3.
Or,