directmanager Direct manager
groupsearch Group ID
attrk e y Account attribut e
userid User ID
name User name
allmanagers Direct and indirect managers
rolesearch Role ID
hostsearch Target system ID
▪SYSTEMMSP▪
Advanced key Description
workstnid Managed system ID
platform type Platform  type
desc Description
▪TARGET▪
Advanced key Description
desc Target system description
aut oassocia t eattr Account attribut e  to aut omatic ally  attach  accounts to
user pr ofiles
targetsysgrp Target system group
platform Target system type
url Help URL
rbacenforce Role enforcement
id Target system ID
address Address
adminid Administrator ID
aut oassocia t e flag Aut omatic ally  attach  accounts
hasaccount Users must have accounts
source Source of pr ofile  IDs
▪TARGETGROUP▪
Advanced key Description
description Description
t ar g etid Target system ID
targetgroup ID
▪TEMPLATE▪
Advanced key Descriptionacc ountid Account to clone when cr eating  a new user
address Address
desc Template description
id Template ID
inv_type Inventory type
loc ation Loc ation
targetDesc Target system description
t ar g etid Target system ID
platform Target system type
Dynamic group Description
attrk e y Resource attribut e  keys
▪UCPAUTORESVARIANCE▪
Advanced key Description
directmanager Direct manager
groupsearch Group ID
attrk e y Account attribut e
userid User ID
inreq With open requests to resolve
name User name
allmanagers Direct and indirect managers
rolesearch Role ID
hostsearch Target system ID
▪USER▪
Advanced key Description
allmanagers Direct and indirect managers
directmanager Direct manager
groupsearch Group ID
hostsearch Target system ID
name User name
rolesearch Role ID
userid User ID
Dynamic group Description
pr ofileattr Pr ofile  attribut e  keys
▪USERCLASS▪Advanced key Description
description User class description
explicit_user Explicit user ID
group_id Group ID
id User class ID
num_explicit_users Number of explicit users
num_participan ts Number of participan ts
num_policies Number of policies
policy Policy
pslang PSLang expression
Dynamic group Description
pr ofileattr Pr ofile  attribut e  keys
▪USERGROUP▪
Advanced key Description
privileges Privileges
id Rule ID
userclass User class
description Rule description
▪WORKSTATION▪
Advanced key Description
workstnid Managed system ID
mode Mode
desc Managed system description
address Address
▪WSTNBATCH▪
Advanced key Description
wstnname Managed system description
mspdesc Managed system policy description
mspid Managed system policy ID
status Randomiz ation  results
wstnid Managed system IDacc ountid Account
▪WSTNBATCHACCOUNT▪
Advanced key Description
oper ation Oper ation
resourcetype Object type
objectid Object ID
retcode Results
t ar g etid Target system ID
▪WSTNBATCHINFO▪
Advanced key Description
status Status
enddate End date
startdate Start date
desc Initia t ed  from
initia t or Initia t or
▪WSTNPWD▪
Advanced key Description
acc ountid Account
t ar g e t description Target system description
targetaddress Target system address
workstndesc Managed system description
workstnid Managed system ID
templateid Template ID
platform type Platform  type
▪WSTNPWDCICO▪
Advanced key Description
userid User ID
acc ountid Account
wstnname Managed system description
wstnid Managed system ID
username User name
▪WSTNPWDTYPE▪
▪WSTNRECENTGSETREQ▪
Advanced key Descriptionwstnid Managed system ID
wstnname Managed system description
gsetid Group set ID
gsetdesc Group set description
▪WSTNSERVICE▪
Advanced key Description
group group
svcname service
.
▪comparator Must be one of: ▪
▪"EQUAL" (or "EQ")▪
▪"LESS_THAN" (or "LT")▪
▪"LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL" (or "LTE")▪
▪"GREATER_THAN" (or "GT")▪
▪"GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL"(or "GTE")▪
▪"CONTAIN" (or "CT")▪
▪"START_WITH" (or "SW")▪
▪"IS"▪
▪"ON"▪
▪"BEFORE" (or "BF")▪
▪"BEFORE_OR_ON" (or "BFO")▪
▪"AFTER" (or "AF")▪
▪"AFTER_OR_ON" (or "AFO")▪
▪value What is compared by comparator. When comparator is "IS", <value> must be "SET" or "EMPTY". ▪
When comparator is "EQ" or "EQUAL", <value> CAN be "(1—0—t—f—T—F) ". When comparator is
"CT" or "SW", <value> can contain wildcards "*" and "?". Otherwise, <value> is a wide string (can
contain unicode characters).
▪operator Required when "position"  is greater than 1. Must be "OR" or "AND". The logical operator is ▪
applied before "filt er",  in order to logically connect "filt er"s  together, in order of "position"  value. AND
always has precedence over OR.
▪ field  Optional  key to specify field  when the key is not sufficien t;  for example, when dealing with ▪
attribut es,  field  = attribut e  key; when dealing with resource groups, field  = resource group id.
▪negate When "1", this generates the logical NOT of "filt er". ▪
Example
The following is an example of the output KVG file:
▪Saved search name: "ROLE_DEV"▪
▪Filter: advanced key "Role ID" contains "DEV"▪# KVGROUP-V1.0
"output" "saved_search_plugin_sample" = {
"savedSearches" "" = {
 "savedSearch" "" = {
"id" = "plugin for ROLE2"
"label" = "ROLE_DEV"
"isDefault" = "1"
"criteria" "" = {
"filter" "" = {
"position" = "1"
"key" = "id"
"comparator" = "CONTAIN"
"value" = "DEV"
"negate" = "0"
}
}
}
}
"retval" = "0"
}
.
Example: Con figur e  sample saved search component
This example demonstrates the processes of c on figuring  the sample saved search component:
1.On the Bravura Security Fabric  instance server, locate the <instance>\samples\idmlib \component 1.
\ Functional  folder.
2.Copy the hid_saved_search_sample folder to the <instance>\component\Custom \ Functional 2.
folder.
3.As a product administrator, log onto Bravura Security Fabric . 3.
4.From the main menu, click Manage components . 4.
5.Click the action  Reload DB and wait for the component database to reload. 5.
6.Search for and install the Functional.hid_saved_search_sample component. 6.
7.Navigate to Manage the System > Resources > Target systems  > Manually de fined . 7.
8.Click the saved search drop-down list.8.
The plugin saved search "AD Target" should be listed under the "Searches" section.
9.Click the saved search ” AD Target”.9.Con figur ation  notes
Below are the important points when cr eating  saved searches:▪Plugin saved searches cannot be deleted from the UI (No trash can icon displays).▪
▪All saved searches have an ID (hidden) and a label (shown in drop-down list).▪
▪All saved searches must have unique IDs and labels. My Searches have unique, generated ”guid-like” ▪
IDs. Plugin saved search (Searches) IDs are de fined  by the plugin creator.
▪Plugin saved searches override my searches. When you have both a plugin and a my search with the▪
same label, my search is not shown.
▪Characters <, >, /, &, " and ' are forbidden in plugin saved search IDs as they are signific an t ▪
characters in XML and/or HTML.
▪There is a hard limit of fiv e criteria for each saved search. Extra criteria are simply dropped with a log ▪
warning.
▪Duplicate plugin labels are detected and rejected with a logged warning.▪
▪Plugin saved search labels are not case sensitiv e.  Labels that are identic al  except for c apit aliz ation  will ▪
be considered duplicates, and will be skipped and logged with warnings.
▪Label clashes between my searches and plugin saved searches are prevented. You cannot create a▪
saved search with a label that already exists among plugin saved searches. On the contrary, you can
create a plugin saved search with a label that already exists among my searches.
▪Saved searches are ordered alphabetic ally . ▪
Con figur e  initial  search results
You can improve the performance of certain search pages by removing the default ”search all” behavior
on the initial  search page, and specifying minimum search requirements. To do this, set the SEARCH NO
INIT RESULT option  on the Manage the system  > Modules  > Options  page.
Type the r es trictions  as a comma-delimited list in the format:
<TYPE>:<MINLENGTH>[:<SESSDATA_KEY>=<VALUE>],...
where:
▪TYPE is one of the following:▪
▪HOST –aut omatic ally  discovered target systems search ▪
▪FOUNDCOMPUTER – discovered system search▪
▪FOUNDACCOUNT – discovered accounts search▪
▪NOSGROUP – managed and unmanaged groups search .▪
▪MANAGEDGROUP – managed groups search only▪
▪PAACCESS – privileged access search in the Privileged access menu▪
▪USER – user search▪
▪WSTNPWDTYPE – managed accounts search in the Request toaccess accounts menu▪
▪MINLENGTH specifies  the minimum length for the search criteria; for example, if you set SEARCH NO ▪
INIT RESULT to USER:3 , then users must enter search criteria with a minimum of three characters
before results are displayed.
▪SESSDATA_KEY=VALUE specifies  session data to be used in search. ▪
The following are currently supported:▪SEARCH_HOST_TYPE=A for HOST type searches▪
▪1_CURRENT=PWDVIEWREQ for WSTNPWDTYPE type searches▪
To set other SESSDATA_KEY=VALUE fields,  contact <SUPPORT>.
The default value for SEARCH NO INIT RESULT is:
HOST:0:SEARCH_HOST_TYPE=A,FOUNDCOMPUTER:0,FOUNDACCOUNT:0,NOSGROUP:0,MANAGEDGROUP:0,USER:0,WSTNPWDTYPE:0:1_CURRENT=PWDVIEWREQ 
Restrict advanced search
You can limit the advanced search feature by enabling the SEARCH REDUCED USER ADV SEARCH option.
This will restrict the searches against user ID, user name, and attribut es.
Include account IDs in basic user search
By default, basic search will not search account IDs. To include account IDs in basic search where
available, enable SEARCH USER WITH ACCOUNTS system variable. This may degrade performance for
that search.
Adding new functionality  and HTML
The Bravura Security Fabric  GUI is a set of HTML snippets loaded into the CGI program at run-time  to
dynamically construct web pages. Every time  a Bravura Security Fabric  CGI program displays an HTML
page, it loads the relevant HTML snippets, replaces code in those snippets with session specific  data and
displays the r esulting  page in the user’s web browser.
CGI plugins provide additional  HTML snippets and extend the functionality  of Bravura Security Fabric  web
pages, including the:
▪Change password s page of the Help users  (IDA) module ▪
▪Change passwords  page of the Change passwords  (PSS) module ▪
▪Password change  results (password status) page of the Change passwords  (PSS) module ▪
▪Main menu  (self-service options)  page of the Front-end  (PSF) ▪
CGI plugin sequence of events
In general, a CGI program executes a CGI plugin at least twice; once to retrieve HTML for initial  display
(the form elements that the user can access to invoke plugin functionality),  and again to process the
user’s input.
This is illustrated by the following sequence of events:
1.CGI program runs the plugin with one of the inputs being action = "PRINT-FORM" . 1.
2.Plugin prints state variables (which the CGI stores on behalf of the plugin), a list of HTML tags that if2.
received the CGI should forward to the plugin, and an HTML snippet to display to the user.
3.CGI program assembles an HTML page from the normal page functionality  and the HTML snippet 3.
received from the plugin.
4.CGI program displays the r esulting  c ombination  on the user’s web browser. 4.5.CGI program accepts input (form submission) from the user.5.
6.CGI program determines whether one of the plugin’s buttons  was pressed. Terminate this logic if not. 6.
7.CGI program runs the plugin with the action = "PROCESS-FORM"  input. 7.
8.CGI program forwards all previously-stored state in f ormation  and form input variables to the plugin. 8.
9.Plugin produces the next HTML snippet, to be included in the next HTML page, possibly including new9.
state in f ormation.
By default, new HTML code supplied by the plugin is inserted at the bottom  of the page. You can change
the loc ation  as described in CUSTOMIZATION  (on page 3471)  > Change the layout  (on page 3496).
Read the following sections  to lean about each type of CGI plugin.
Provide HTML to the change passwords pages
You can use a cgi plugin to supply HTML code, including in t er activ e  form elements, to the Change
passwords  page of the:
▪Help users  (IDA) module ▪
This page allows help desk users to change passwords.
▪Change passwords  (PSS) module ▪
This page allows users to change their own passwords.
The plugin for the Help users  (IDA) module is set by the A RESET EXT plugin point on the Modules > Help
users (IDA)  c on figur ation  page.
The plugin for the Change passwords  (PSS) module is set by the S CHANGE EXT plugin point on the
Modules > Change passwords (PSS) c on figur ation  page.
The shipped scpinplugin plugin program  (on page 1648) can be used with the A RESET EXT and S
CHANGE EXT plugin points to provide smart card PIN reset.
See more in f ormation  about writing  a custom plugin program
Requirements
The CGI plugin is a console executable, which accepts in f ormation  on standard input and writes results to
standard output. See W riting  plugins  for general requirements.
Ex ecution  points
The Change passwords  (PSS) module and Help users  (IDA) module invoke a plugin to add HTML content to
the main menu. Each time  the page is requested, the plugin executes. See CGI plugin sequence of events
(on page 1149).
Input
Input to the plugin includes:
"" "" = {
  "action" = "PRINT-FORM|PROCESS-FORM" # The action of the CGI